In the aftermath of the 2016 presidential election, I'm rethinking a basicbelief about the economy. For a long time, I've believed that what mattered mostfor economic well-being was money. Median income, consumption, wages -- allmeasured in dollars.I've supported policies aimed at boosting the amount of money in the averageperson's pocket. And assumed that a dollar of government redistribution is justas good as a dollar of wages.I'm starting to think I was wrong. Maybe not completely wrong, but I did ignorea big, important source of economic well-being: jobs.In most economic theory, a job isn't treated as something inherently valuable --it's just a conduit for money to flow from employer to employee. But most peopleprobably care not just about the amount of money they get, but how they get it.If they see themselves as having earned their daily bread, they feel betterabout themselves than if they got a handout.This isn't something economists think about much; it doesn't appear in researchliterature much. To most people, the idea that jobs provide dignity and a senseof self-worth seems laughably obvious. But among economists, there remains arelentless unwillingness to consider the importance of dignity and socialrespect.There are a few exceptions. David Blanchflower and Andrew Oswald have found thathaving a job is an important determinant of how satisfied people are, regardlessof how much money they have. Meanwhile, some of the little sociology research Ido know shows that job status is important for keeping marriages together.Meanwhile, out in the real world, Americans are hurting from a lack of jobs. Anumber of deep dives into the mindset of Trump voters, both before and after theelection, focused on the loss of status and self-respect that less-educated menin decaying industrial regions have suffered as jobs were lost and replaced bygovernment benefits.The Democrats have been the party of the social safety net, and have longwondered why so many working-class Americans don't seem to appreciate thosebenefits.Trump, meanwhile, sailed to victory in the Midwest, in part by railing againstglobalization. Regions that experienced more Chinese import competition weremuch more likely to vote for Trump. In those same regions nothing has replacedjobs lost to Chinese imports. So it seems that many voters in the Midwest didn'twant checks in the mail -- they wanted work. And they voted for a candidate whopromised them jobs, even if he was very vague on his plans for doing so.An easy step is to promote demand-based policies that keep employment high, likefiscal stimulus. A more drastic measure would be a federal job guarantee.Although many such jobs would pay low wages, it's probably better to haveunemployed people doing something marginally useful. Another option is slashingregulations that make it more costly and difficult to hire employees.Perhaps the deepest change would tweak U.S. corporate culture, restoring thevalue of long-term employment. Obviously, it's easy to go too far -- witnessJapan -- but it could be that U.S. labor arrangements are simply too short-termand insecure. Tax incentives for long-term labor contracts, or for laborhoarding during recessions, could favor employment over pure dollars.Economists should read more sociology, talk to more workers and pay moreattention to things like dignity, respect and a sense of community --intangibles that aren't sold in any market.-- Noah Smith, a former assistant professor of finance at Stony BrookUniversity, is a Bloomberg View columnist.