The Clark County Canvassing Board, which oversees elections, has certified thefinal count of the 210,760 valid ballots the county received in the Nov. 8general election.The final count has Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton narrowlywinning Clark County with 92,757 votes, just slightly more than the 92,441votes Republican Donald Trump received.The final count for the close race for the District 3 position for Clark Countycouncil has Republican John Blom cementing his victory over Democrat TanishaHarris with 22,066 votes to her 21,056.In an election year marked by increased concerns over voter fraud, countyelection workers rejected more ballots this year than in 2012. The most commonreason for rejecting ballots was because the signature on the affidavitenvelope did not match the voter's signature on file. If a signature doesn'tmatch, the voter is contacted and given a chance to respond. But according tocounty numbers, 1,609 ballots were still rejected because of unmatchingsignatures. In 2012, 803 ballots out of 193,502 counted ballots were rejectedbecause of unmatching signatures."It is a lot," said Cathie Garber, Clark County elections supervisor. "They'renot expecting us to be verifying every single signature."Of the 1,609 rejected ballots, Garber said that 18 weren't counted because ofevidence that someone other than the registered voter signed the ballots.Another 18 were rejected because someone attempted to vote more than once, shesaid, and 16 were rejected because someone admitted to signing someone else'sballot.The Prosecuting Attorney's Office sent letters to the addresses where fishyballots originated, and Garber said these voters have been put on a list tomonitor in future. If similar problems arise in the future they'll be referredto the Prosecuting Attorney's Office.During the year's final meeting of the canvassing board, Clark County AuditorGreg Kimsey (who is a member of the board along with county council Chair MarcBoldt and Deputy Prosecuting Attorney Jane Vetto) said that a father called and"kind of confessed" to signing his daughter's ballot. He said another personwas brought to tears after receiving a letter from the Prosecuting Attorney'sOffice raising suspicions about a fraudulently cast ballot."Now I feel bad," responded Vetto.But Kimsey replied, "Fantastic. Congratulations. That's what we want."There were four races in the county for which elections staff were required totally the names of people written in for the office.The names of write-ins aren't normally recorded. But under state law there aretwo circumstances that change that. If a candidate declares a write-in campaigntheir votes are recorded. County elections offices also are required to recordthe names written in for an office if the total number of write-ins andundervotes (when voters leave the race blank) is equal to or greater than themargin between the winning and losing candidate in the race.For instance, in the race between Blom and Harris, there were 4,741 undervotes,meaning elections staff had to record the names of the 157 write-ins. DavidMadore, who lost his re-election bid for the position in the primary, receivedthe most write-in votes with 47.The race for Position 2 state representative in the 49th Legislative Districtdrew 1,593 write-ins and 10,843 undervotes. Carolyn Crain, a Republican whofinished third in the top-two August primary for the position behind DemocratsMonica Stonier and Alishia Topper, received the most at write-ins at 218. Therace for Position 1 state representative in the 17th Legislative District had5,314 undervotes and drew 172 write-ins. Stonier received eight write-in votesin the race.The District 2 position on the Clark County Public Utility Commission saw46,370 undervotes and 1,076 write-ins. According to the elections office, 57voters wrote in "fictional characters," and Donna Roberge, a formercommissioner of the Port of Camas-Washougal who ran for the position and lostin the primary, received 20 votes.