Apparently eager to embrace the vitriol that imbued the presidential election,state Sen. Doug Ericksen, R-Ferndale, says he plans to introduce a bill takingaim at "economic terrorism" during next year's legislative session. He wants tocreate a class of crime for dealing with protesters who block traffic or blocktrains or otherwise slow anything that can be deemed as economic activity. Thebill, he says, would classify the crime as a Class C felony, punishable by upto five years in prison and a $10,000 fine.It also would target those who financially support such protests.It is notsurprising to see the extreme rhetoric of presidential politics filter down tothe state level, especially considering that Ericksen was Donald Trump's deputycampaign director in Washington (Clark County legislator Don Benton headed theorganization). Yet it is disappointing. And it calls for an examination of themany levels on which Ericksen's proposal should be viewed as anathema.To beginwith, there already are laws in place to deal with those who move beyondpeaceable assembly and into the realm of vandalism. More than 100 protesterswere arrested when anti-Trump protests turned violent in Portland; more than 50people were arrested for trespassing in May when they blocked railroad trackswhile protesting near two oil refineries in Anacortes; five people werearrested in August for blocking tracks near Bellingham.The punishment faced bythose protesters is in line with the severity of the crimes, while Ericksen'sproposal would seek to establish draconian penalties. By comparison,third-degree assault of a child also is a Class C felony; placing the blockingof railroad tracks on the same plane would be a miscarriage of justice.Inaddition, the simple phrasing "economic terrorism" is an egregious attempt tostoke the fears of the public. Terrorism - real terrorism that seeks to killand maim for political purposes - is a genuine concern in this country. Butequating the blocking of traffic with such acts is a gross misnomer while usinglanguage that serves to distract from the true threat. State Rep. LaurieJinkins, D-Tacoma, who chairs the House Judiciary Committee, told The SeattleTimes, "I just think there is nothing more un-American than this kind ofproposal. There is nothing more fundamental to our democracy than the right toprotest things you think are wrong."Ericksen has long been supportive of thefossil-fuel industry, and investigations by the Associated Press have revealedthat he receives far more largesse from lobbyists than any lawmaker inWashington. With his proposal having some chance of passing theRepublican-controlled Senate but little chance of passing theDemocrat-controlled House and no chance of surviving a veto from Gov. JayInslee, it would seem to be nothing more than shameless pandering to those whopay his bills.Still, it is worthy of discussion, as our political divide islikely to continue as an essential talking point. Political dissent has a longand rich tradition in the United States, with the First Amendment guaranteeing"the right to peaceably assemble." When such assembly stops being peaceable,there are laws designed to address the situation without demonizing theprotesters as terrorists. It is worth noting that those who held lunch-countersit-ins or marched across the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Ala., could havebeen charged with "economic terrorism" under the loose wording of Ericksen'sproposal.Given all of that, Ericksen's idea is a debasement of what makesAmerica great.