By Chandra JohnsonDeseret NewsTo Philadelphia-based digital marketer Jason Bauman, the biggest disappointmentof the 2016 election had little to do with who will sit in the White House.For Bauman, 31, it was how disillusioned and skeptical he's become of newsoutlets he once trusted."What really changed this cycle is that I've become extremely disappointed withthe media outlets I used to respect," Bauman said. "I've seen multiple examplesthis election of otherwise reputable outlets fall prey to obvious rumors becausethey didn't want to lose out on the potential traffic that the story mightgenerate."Bauman isn't alone in his distaste for the media this election cycle. The 2016State of the First Amendment Survey released in June found that just 10 percentof Americans felt the presidential race was being covered accurately. A morerecent Quinnipiac University poll released in October found that more than half(55 percent) of likely voters believe the media was biased against then-GOPnominee Donald Trump, while 42 percent say there was no media bias against him.The evidence of that sentiment was palpable this election, particularly in theTrump camp. At Trump rallies across the country, reporters and photographerswere booed and met with angry jeering when they entered venues, The WashingtonPost reported.The attitude has become so hostile amid literal attacks on journalists atrallies in the past year that NPR even put its reporters through "Trumptraining" to handle threats to their safety. Trump, in statements unprecedentedfrom a candidate for the nation's highest office, has long expressed mistrust inthe media, telling a crowd at an October rally that the media was "stealing" theelection from him."The media is, indeed, sick, and it's making our country sick, and we're goingto stop it," Trump said, though he didn't elaborate further.Many media experts are similarly disgusted with 2016 election coverage they sayoffered little hard-hitting substance until later in the campaign."In a sense, Trump is right when he says the election is rigged," said MarkGrabowski, associate communications professor at Adelphi University in LongIsland, New York. "Not by voter fraud, but by the so-called Fourth Estatelargely serving as a propaganda machine."Given both Trump and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton's reluctance to engagethe news media much beyond rallies and occasional press conferences in favor ofsocial media, some experts wonder how the news media will stay relevant infuture elections."This could be the last election where mainstream media play a dominant orleading role," said Canadian and American media ethicist Stephen Ward. "Givenwhat Trump has done on Twitter, I see more and more campaigns running this wayin the future, without visiting editorial boards - saying, 'to hell with them,we don't need them.' "To change the tide of public enmity rising around them, experts say journalistshave a hard road ahead of them that involves acknowledging their largely poorperformance during the 2016 campaign."It's only recently they started holding his feet to the fire on anything,"media watchdog group Media Matters CEO Angelo Carusone said. "If the media's notcareful, I see their future role not as a constructive force but as pawns in alarger game."How did we get here?By many media analyst accounts, the current climate of public distrust of themedia is unprecedented."There have been fractured times in America before," said Kathleen Culver,director of the Center for Journalism Ethics at the University ofWisconsin-Madison. "But I've never seen such open disdain for the media, atleast in my lifetime."Yet experts say there are historical parallels for the public and the pressbeing at odds with one another because of political partisanship and bias.Dating back to Colonial times through the 19th century, newspapers were oftenthe tools of politicians, with no claim to objectivity or passive observation.In the years after the American Revolution, it was commonplace for politiciansin both Alexander Hamilton's Federalist Party and Thomas Jefferson's RepublicanParty to sponsor newspapers. The goal was to bolster party candidates andcommunicate specific messages to their supporters. Because of this businessarrangement, newspaper publishers and editors often doubled as party spokesmen,according to journalism historian and New York University professor MitchellStephens.It was a pattern that lasted until the 1920s and the era of "muckraking" and"yellow journalism," when large newspapers locked in stiff competition hypedlurid details and unproven facts to attract readers.The sensationalist papers of the past and the partisan media outlets of todayshared a common problem, experts say: economic instability.The economic circumstances that led to bias and sensationalism aren't sodifferent from the ones media outlets are grappling with anew now."Journalists in those days wanted to report in a serious way, and when theybecame more (financially) stable, they did," said Jonathan Ladd, a Georgetownprofessor and author of "Why Americans Hate the Media and How it Matters." "Butas we learned from that era, reporters will (report in a serious way) less ifthey have to do high-quality journalism as well as whatever the older equivalentto clickbait would be."Yellow journalism only fell out of practice amid the adoption of a stablebusiness model - reader subscriptions, Carusone said. Back then, newspapersdepended on distributors (often newsboys) buying the paper in bulk and sellingthem on the street. Often, if the news wasn't "exciting" enough, papers didn'tsell, leading to over-the-top headlines Carusone likens to the clickbait oftoday."People then understood this was tabloid journalism, but it still influencedpublic opinion," Carusone said. "Today, we all know what clickbait is, but westill consume it and internalize it. So much of the media environment we'reseeing now is governed by economic uncertainty in the news business."Along with advertising, subscriptions were largely what sustained news outletsuntil the advent of the internet, which upended the classified section. Thiseconomic uncertainty matters because in an environment where traditionaljournalism must compete with false, misleading or partisan outlets online, factsoften fall by the wayside, fueling public polarization."There's been a development in media and in the public where the facts simplydon't matter or they're disregarded. That's why you see such a rise infact-checking this election," Ward said. "When you see a citizenry that has thatmindset, you should worry for democracy."A partisan mirrorAlthough economic instability may harm the quality of news coverage, experts saythere is also a relationship between growing political polarization and theperception of media bias.Ladd argues that because politics have become so polarized, it's harder for thepublic and journalists to hash out what the facts are. As more media outletsaccept certain facts and others reject them - think of CNN accepting climatechange as a fact, whereas Fox News questions its existence - media outletsbecome more fragmented, which can inadvertently lead to polarization."The more fragmented (the news media) become, the more partisan it gets, becausepoliticians now have differing beliefs about what the facts are, and they getpeople mad at the other side's media," Ladd said. "For example, what is theemployment rate? Is the economy growing? Is deficit shrinking? Those are basicfacts nobody agrees on anymore."This wasn't always such a problem, Carusone said, because Americans used to havea common touchstone for information."It used to be that there was a nightly newscast that everyone participated inthat gave people a common reference point that formed a factual baseline to formyour opinions on. We've lost that shared experience and that sharedunderstanding of the facts," Carusone said. "(The media) lost the willingness tocall out things as unprecedented, false and destructive. So, if you understandthe system well, you can game the media."When news outlets don't agree on the facts, the result is what Ward calls an"unholy mix" of journalism and social media. Today, people may walk away from anewscast unsure of what the facts are, and platforms like social media don'tbother to filter out posts that spread biased or false information. If theinformation people find on social media aligns with their world-view, Culversays it's human nature to believe it whether it's true or not - leaving littleroom for argument."When we don't slow down to consider where the information we get, especiallyvia social media, comes from, we fall victim to this urge to say, 'Aha! Thisconfirms what I've thought all along,' " Culver said. "The more we move awayfrom deliberation as citizens, the more dangerous this becomes, because you canliterally filter out news items online that challenge your views and spreadcontent that simply reinforces your worldview."On sites like Facebook, users can filter their news feeds to only includeoutlets that report what the user believes. That worries Ward, who says suchfilters make Americans lose their grasp on the key to a healthy democracy:understanding multiple perspectives of a problem."It's so important to understand people of other perspectives. If we stick withmedia that just reinforces us, we don't get that and that's worrying," Wardsaid. "We are so fragmented in the way we approach issues these days online. Atsome point, as a society, we have got to come together."How that could happen is an open question. For the media, some experts espouse a"back to basics" approach of simply reporting the facts without interpretation.Others, like Ward, say the future of journalism depends on whether Americansociety can learn to civilly debate again, and not writing off or filtering outvoices they disagree with. As The Atlantic put it just before the election,"Americans Don't Need Reconciliation -They Need to Get Better at Arguing."If Americans don't like what they see in the news media today, Ward asks them toremember that news outlets act as a mirror for society. If the picture looksskewed or biased, perhaps Americans should look inside themselves and ask ifthey need to change."You can't blame all this on the big, bad media. The news media reflects societyand its citizens don't want to complicate their worldviews. They don't wantfacts, they want slogans," Ward said. "The theory of a popular democracy lies inwhether its citizens want to rationally exchange and debate. That's not what Isee here. I see people who want to win an argument at any cost."Email: chjohnson@deseretnews.comTwitter: ChandraMJohnsonLOAD-DATE: November 20, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHPUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper