While the challenges of the GOP   its long-term demographic difficulties, itserratic leadership, the bitter struggle for its ideological soul   are obscuredby victory, the problems of the Democratic Party are on full display.Republicans suffer from heart disease; Democrats have an ugly, gushing headwound.The losing party would be foolish to minimize the scale of its politicalfailure. Hillary Clinton proved incapable of defeating a reality-television hostwhom more than 60 percent of Americans viewed as unfit to be president. It isperhaps the most humiliating moment in the long history of Mr. Jefferson sparty. But the effect is more than reputational. The Democratic candidate andher team could not protect the United States from a serious risk to its idealsand institutions by an untested and unstable novice who flirted withauthoritarianism and made enough gaffes on an average Tuesday to sink a normalpresidential campaign.Donald Trump was riding a modest electoral wave in certain parts of the country,but it was not large enough to overwhelm a reasonably capable Democraticcandidate with a decent political strategy. Trump s vote did not burst thelevees; it barely lapped over the top of them in the industrial Midwest. Theblue wall  was too low by just a foot or two.But why was the election even close enough for bad strategy in Wisconsin,Michigan and Pennsylvania, or utter incompetence by the FBI director, to matter?Trump obviously benefited from extreme polarization. The proposition  anyone butHillary  was tested, with Republicans (and others) ultimately rallying toanyone.  The Obama coalition   including young, minority and college-educatedvoters   did not turn out in sufficient numbers. And an appeal to racial andethnic resentment remains disturbingly potent in our politics   the continuingevidence of America s original sin.But here is the largest, long-term Democratic challenge: It has become aprovincial party. It is highly concentrated in urban areas and clings to thecoasts. But our constitutional system puts emphasis on holding geography,particularly in the House of Representatives and the electoral college. It isdifficult for Democrats to prevail from isolated islands of deep blue. In 2012,President Obama won the presidency with fewer than 700 counties out of more than3,000 in the United States   a historical low. Clinton carried a little under500   about 15 percent of the total.This is another way of saying that the Democratic candidate for president can tprevail   at least at the moment   when she receives less than 30 percent of thevote from the white, non-college-educated Americans who live in the spacesbetween the cities. Most of these voters were not examining public policy andcalculating their interests   except in the vague sense that they don t likesending American jobs abroad and don t want anyone messing with their SocialSecurity. They were convinced that Trump had their back. Democrats have becomesymbolically estranged from white, working-class America.What are the Democratic options moving forward? First, there is the BernieSanders option   the embrace of a leftist populism that amounts to democraticsocialism. This might also be called the Jeremy Corbyn option, after the leftistleader of the British Labour Party who has ideologically purified his party intopolitical irrelevance. Second, there is the Joe Biden option   a liberalism thatmakes a sustained outreach to union members and other blue-collar workers whileshowing a Catholic religious sensibility on issues of social justice.Michael Gerson is a columnist for The Washington Post.