HIGHLIGHT: Mr. Petraeus, a retired general and former C.I.A. director, hasemerged as a new contender after bitter internal feuding over the StateDepartment post.WASHINGTON - President-elect Donald J. Trump met on Monday with David H.Petraeus, the highly decorated but scandal-scarred former military commander,who has emerged as a new contender for secretary of state after days of bitterinternal feuding over who will get the coveted post.Mr. Petraeus, a retired general and former C.I.A. director, spent an hour withMr. Trump at his offices in Trump Tower in Manhattan and told reportersafterward that the president-elect had given him a tutorial on world affairs."He basically walked us around the world," Mr. Petraeus said. "Showed a greatgrasp of a variety of the challenges that are out there and some of theopportunities as well. Very good conversation, and we'll see where it goes fromhere." In a Twitterpost 15 minutes later, Mr. Trump said, "Just met with GeneralPetraeus - was very impressed!"Mr. Trump spent the day in back-to-back meetings after a quiet Thanksgivingweekend at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla. In addition to seeing Mr.Petraeus, he met with Frances Fragos Townsend, a Homeland Security official inthe Bush administration, and with David A. Clarke Jr., the Milwaukee Countysheriff. Both are candidates for secretary of Homeland Security.As he was leaving Trump Tower on Monday, Vice President-elect Mike Pence said,"There will be a number of very important announcements tomorrow."Mr. Trump has already conferred with the other two leading candidates for theState Department post: Mitt Romney, the former Massachusetts governor and 2012Republican presidential nominee, and Rudolph W. Giuliani, a former New York Citymayor. He was scheduled to meet Mr. Romney again for dinner on Tuesday.But Mr. Trump's deliberations have become bogged down, with people in his campdeeply divided over whether he should choose Mr. Giuliani, a steadfast loyalistwith a record of problematic business dealings, or Mr. Romney, an establishmentfigure who denounced him during the campaign and has been publicly opposed bysome of Mr. Trump's closest advisers.Mr. Petraeus, 64, has his own black mark: He was prosecuted for mishandlingclassified material in a scandal stemming from an extramarital affair with hisbiographer. During the relationship, he turned over his confidential diary tothe biographer, Paula Broadwell, leading the F.B.I. to recommend that he becharged with a felony. He pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor.If he is nominated, that could raise hurdles for Mr. Petraeus with Democrats andeven some Republicans at his Senate confirmation hearing. It could also promptthe intelligence agencies to recommend against giving him a security clearance,though legal experts said the president could override that.At a minimum, it would open Mr. Trump to charges of hypocrisy. He made HillaryClinton's handling of classified information, through her use of a private emailaddress and computer server, the centerpiece of his attacks on her character andtrustworthiness. The director of the F.B.I., James B. Comey, has said that Mr.Petraeus's transgressions were more serious than Mrs. Clinton's."The Petraeus case was a classic security breach that rightly resulted incriminal action," said Richard W. Painter, the chief White House ethics lawyerfrom 2005 to 2007. "It just reeks of hypocrisy."Steven Aftergood, who directs the project on government secrecy at theFederation of American Scientists, said, "It suggests that much of the campaignhoopla directed against Hillary Clinton by Mr. Trump was manufactured, and notsincere." But he added: "I don't think it's a fatal flaw. One could imagine moreproblematic candidates."Ethics officials who worked in the Obama administration agreed. Norman L. Eisen,who served as President Obama's ethics counsel during his transition and at theWhite House, said he believed that Mr. Petraeus had paid a price for hismisdeeds and deserved a second chance."I do believe that at the career level, there would be reservations," Mr. Eisensaid. "But at the policy-maker level, there will be a judgment that if thepresident deems it worthy, he should get the clearances he needs. My ownjudgment, for what it's worth, is that I would support it."Mr. Petraeus, whose friends said he was eager for the job, would bring obviousqualifications to the State Department. He is a politically astute militarycommander with experience in Iraq and Afghanistan, two conflicts that willimmediately confront the new president, as well as a Ph.D. in internationalrelations from Princeton. His C.I.A. experience gave him broad exposure toAmerica's clandestine operations.Gen. Jack Keane, a former Army vice chief of staff, said he had recommended Mr.Petraeus to Mr. Trump in a meeting two weeks ago, when Mr. Trump was soundingGeneral Keane out for the job of defense secretary. General Keane was a mentorto Mr. Petraeus, and saved his life in 1991 when Mr. Petraeus was shotaccidentally during a live-fire exercise."He has an extraordinary portfolio, having run two theaters of war and directedthe Central Intelligence Agency," General Keane said. "That level of experiencewould be invaluable to the president, given the fact that he is a strategicthinker, is well versed on the issues of the day, and has an amazing network ofheads of state and foreign and defense ministers."Mr. Petraeus was a central player in the George W. Bush and Obamaadministrations, winning renown for his leadership of the troop surge in Iraqand helping persuade Mr. Obama to pursue a similar counterinsurgency strategy,with more mixed results, in Afghanistan.He would bring a worldview to the job of secretary of state that is more in linewith the thinking of its current occupant, John Kerry, than with Mr. Trump's.While Mr. Trump says the United States has spent trillions in the Middle Eastand gotten a "disaster" in return, Mr. Petraeus has argued that the investmentin Iraq is finally paying off, though the future remains uncertain. He hasadvocated continued engagement in the region, warning that after the IslamicState is gone, another extremist group will replace it.Mr. Petraeus is still frequently cited for his work as the editor of "The U.S.Army/Marine Corps Counterinsurgency Field Manual," which laid out thetroop-intensive strategy used by Mr. Bush in Iraq and Mr. Obama in Afghanistan.During the presidential campaign, Mr. Trump opposed such intensive Americanengagement and said the United States should stop nation-building overseas.After taking direct command of the war in Afghanistan in 2010, Mr. Petraeusretired from the military and returned to Washington to head the C.I.A. In thatrole, he pushed - along with Mrs. Clinton, then secretary of state - to supplyweapons to moderate rebels in Syria.He cultivated close ties with Mrs. Clinton and might well have turned up onlists of her potential cabinet picks had she won the election - a factor thatmight hinder him with some in Mr. Trump's circle. Because he was one of the fewmilitary officers of his generation to rise to national celebrity, there waseven speculation that Mr. Petraeus might someday run for the White Househimself.Since leaving the government, Mr. Petraeus has worked for a New York investmentfirm, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Company, and held an array of fellowships andteaching appointments around the country.Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and in theMorning Briefing newsletter.David E. Sanger contributed reporting from Washington, and Maggie Haberman fromNew York.PHOTO: David H. Petraeus, center, with Anthony Scaramucci, a member ofPresident-elect Donald J. Trump's transition team, at Trump Tower on Monday inManhattan. (PHOTOGRAPH BY SAM HODGSON FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)Related Articles     ·    Donald Trump's Threat to Close Door Reopens Old Wounds in Cuba     ·    Trump Meets Petraeus as Secretary of State Sweepstakes Heat Up     ·    Combative, Populist Steve Bannon Found His Man in Donald Trump