HIGHLIGHT: Congressman says economic populism belongs at core of party messageWASHINGTON - U.S. Rep. Keith Ellison is in the political fight of his life toconvince activists across the country that he is the right person to lead theDemocratic National Committee after historic losses in Congress and of the WhiteHouse.Ellison's task is enormous: Make the case that a Muslim from north Minneapolisis the leader the party needs to connect with voters in rural areas and RustBelt states who have increasingly voted Republican."The average American is really upset at the status quo," Ellison said.He has centered his campaign on income inequality and the belief that people areworking harder for less money than they did decades ago. "Hard work doesn'tnecessarily pay," said Ellison, 53, a five-term congressman who representsMinneapolis and surrounding suburbs.But Ellison's campaign is facing stiff resistance from powerful corners of theparty, including the White House. He has drawn criticism from party leadersskeptical that the representative of Minnesota's most liberal congressionaldistrict can connect with a wider swath of the country, particularly the ruralareas Democrats used to dominate."Who are we? What are we standing for? I certainly don't feel like ourleadership here [in Washington] listens to me like that," said Democratic Rep.Tim Walz, who narrowly won re-election in the southern part of Minnesota, whereRepublican Donald Trump had a strong showing. "It's left to be seen who is goingto speak for the Democrats right now. I'm asking right now who that personshould be."Ellison's run comes at a time of deep upheaval and soul-searching among partyleaders, who along with the White House have lost both chambers of Congress aswell as governorships and legislatures across the country.The former party chairwoman, Florida Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, abruptlystepped down ahead of the Democratic National Convention earlier this year afterleaked e-mails showed she had favored Hillary Clinton to win the presidentialnomination over Sen. Bernie Sanders.If Ellison wins control of the party's political arm, he would be charged withbridging a yawning gap between the older and more urban base of the party andthe younger, more vocal coalition that was drawn to Sanders' insurgentcandidacy."I think the Democratic Party is always going to be the marriage of the civilrights community and economic populism for all," said Ellison, who initiallysupported Sanders and then shifted to Clinton once she clinched the nomination.Sanders was an early endorser of Ellison for party chairman. Sens. ElizabethWarren and Chuck Schumer, the incoming minority leader, have recently given himtheir support.For Ellison, a lawyer who formerly worked for the Lindquist & Vennum firm inMinneapolis, the day-to-day work of running to head the DNC is a grueling slogthrough phone lists, long conversations with anxious party leaders and time infront of a computer answering e-mails.The path to victory is far from certain. Many Democrats have said a full-timecongressman can't devote the time necessary for the top party job.Ellison has not indicated for certain that he would keep his seat, but he saidWednesday he intends to give the party more than 40 hours a week of work.Meanwhile, Ellison has faced renewed criticism for previous ties with the Nationof Islam, a black political movement dubbed a hate group by the Southern PovertyLaw Center.Ellison was an organizer for the 1995 Million Man March, which was staged byLouis Farrakhan, the longtime leader of the Nation of Islam and a virulentanti-Semite. Ellison says he has never had any bigoted thoughts or feelings anddistanced himself from the movement after the march in Washington because itwasn't effective."Ultimately, all they had to offer was directing anger at other people, whichreally isn't productive, and that became clear to me," he said.DFL State Party Chairman Ken Martin, who has been helping Ellison since Junewith his bid, said he must show voters that Democrats are the party for allAmericans."It's important for the next chair to heal the wound ... bring the Sanderssupporters and the Clinton supporters together," Martin said.Ellison believes he has the energy and the ideas to do that."The Democratic Party is always going to be the party that women have equalrights, but we also have to be a party that says that we're not going to sit bywhen your family can barely make the rent," he said. "We can't sit back andallow that to happen."Allison Sherry · 202-662-7433CANDIDATES FOR DNC CHAIR· U.S. Rep. Keith Ellison· Former DNC chairman and Vermont Gov. Howard Dean· New Hampshire Democratic Party Chairman Raymond Buckley· South Carolina Democratic Party Chairman Jaime HarrisonOthers considering a run: NARAL President Ilyse Hogue, Secretary of Labor ThomasPerez