With each new U.S. president an asset market bubble is born, or so it seems froma study of contemporary economic history. Yet the victor on Nov. 8 will be thefirst new president since George H.W. Bush in January 1989to take office whenthe bubble created by the outgoing president is still almost fully expanded.Here's what that could mean for president-elect Donald Trump.In the aftermath of Trump's suprise victory, both Federal Reserve Board ChairJanet Yellen and Fed Vice-Chair Stanley Fischer might be more concerned abouttheir bag-packing plans than the niceties of cajoling the president-elect toapprove their plans for the Fed policy agenda. Time will tell whether a TrumpFed, moving more deliberately to normalize, had inadvertently already passed thepoint of no return. It is possible that a Trump Fed would agree with theRepublicans in Congress who advocate that the aim should be stable prices ratherthan perpetual 2% inflation. But a 25-basis-point rate hike is in itself atriviality and diversion. Real normalization would start with shrinking themonetary base and allowing market forces fuller leeway in the determination ofrates.Recent speeches by Yellen and Fischer assert there is no price bubble to beginwith. Pointedly, Fischer said there is no evidence at all of financialinstability. Meanwhile, Yellen would like to see the economy overheat for awhile to allow investment spending to pick up, and discouraged the idea ofworkers being pulled back into the labor force. Neither Yellen nor Fischer seemto be concerned that there is already overheating - if asset markets areincluded in the analysis.Of course, the history and current composition of the Fed don't inspireconfidence in its ability to spot bubbles. In any case, some cynics might saythat both Yellen and Fischer, despite their public statements, recognize thatdangerous asset-price inflation may already have taken hold. Yet they remainmute or ostensibly in denial, realizing that any hint by them of this would givecredence to the Trump campaign, which has taken aim against their bubble-making.The timing of the end-phase of the present asset-price inflation is indeedlargely unpredictable, though highly likely within a two-year time span. Morefundamentally, there is the question of whether conditions would be ripe for thecombination of speculative storytelling and hunt for yield to take off andempower new asset-price inflation so early following a devastating end to theprevious episode.The one or two presidents who experienced the end phase of asset-price inflationearly in their new terms did not turn to the radical monetary experimentationwhich might succeed in recreating asset-price inflation in a still-weak economicenvironment. By being too slow to raise rates, the Fed could turn a miracle intoa bubble. In that way, the historical pattern of new presidents authoring theirown episode of asset-price inflation would remain intact.The pattern stretches all the way back to the great asset-price inflation of1962-1968 under John F. Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson's presidencies. PresidentsRichard Nixon (1971-1973), Ronald Reagan (1986-1990), Bill Clinton (1995-2000),George W. Bush (2003-2007) and Barack Obama (2010-present) all saw periods ofasset-price inflation. The Jimmy Carter and George H.W. Bush administrationswere exceptions.So an obvious question to ask in the twilight days of the current administrationand its Federal Reserve is: will the pattern continue? The short answer isprobably not this time.Brendan Brown is an executive director and the chief economist of Mitsubishi UFJSecurities International.URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//