President-elect Donald Trump tweeted Thanksgiving morning that he was trying tomake good on a campaign promise that a Carrier air conditioning factory inIndiana, and its 1,400 jobs, would not move to Mexico in 2019 as planned."I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A.C. Company tostay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!:" Trump tweeted.Carrier, a division of United Technologies Corp. of Farmington, responded with atweet about an hour later: "Carrier has had discussions with the incomingadministration and we look forward to working together. Nothing to announce atthis time."During the campaign, Trump called the planned closure of the Indianapolis plant"disgusting" and "un-American" and made it a campaign rallying cry. At anIndianapolis event in May he went further, offering the crowd a "100 percentguarantee" the plant would not leave if he were elected."Here's what's going to happen," Trump said, according to Bloomberg. "They'regoing to call me and they are going to say 'Mr. President, Carrier has decidedto stay in Indiana.' ""One hundred percent - that's what is going to happen," Trump added. "It's notlike we have an 80 percent chance of keeping them or a 95 percent. 100 percent."Earlier this month, Gregory Hayes, UTC chief executive officer, vigorouslydefended global trade Tuesday, taking particular aim at Trump, who hascriticized the conglomerate for shipping jobs to Mexico from Indiana.In a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations in New York City on Nov. 1,Hayes defended UTC's decision to move jobs from subsidiary Carrier and wadedinto the national debate over trade policy. He credited international commercefor decadeslong global economic growth."The forces of globalization are real and they are inescapable," he said. "Thegenie truly is out of the bottle and it's not really open to debate.Globalization has happened and it will continue apace."Without mentioning Trump by name, Hayes alluded to Republican presidentialcandidate's campaign promise to "make America great again" as he criticized thecandidate's opposition to trade deals."Developing an isolationist approach will not - I repeat not - create growth orjobs nor will it make any country great," he said. "It will simply take us allbackward."Hayes dismissed as "political rhetoric" criticism of UTC's decision announced inFebruary to move the 1,400 Carrier jobs."In truth, we were behind the curve as most of our competitors had already madethe move to Mexico in the last 10 years," he said.More than 200 new regulations on efficiency standards have driven up the cost ofair conditioners "and the only way to be competitive in the marketplace was toreduce labor costs," he said.The Carrier back-and-forth was reminiscent of a similar exchange overmanufacturing facilities that Trump began a week earlier, when thepresident-elect bragged on Twitter that he had received a call from Bill Ford,executive chairman of Ford Motor Co., saying "he will be keeping the Lincolnplant in Kentucky - no Mexico."Trump's claim was exaggerated, as Ford's union contract prevented it fromshutting down its Louisville assembly plant. Ford clarified that it had merelydecided not to relocate production of a single vehicle, the Lincoln MKC, fromKentucky.Carrier announced its plans to shut down the Indiana plant in February, with theclosure slated for 2019.Chris Nelson, a Carrier president overseeing the unit, issued a statement at thetime saying the move to Mexico would allow the company "to operate more costeffectively" because of the industry's ongoing migration to that area as well as"cost and pricing pressures driven, in part, by new regulatory requirements."The closure could lead to the loss of more than $100 million to the Indianaeconomy and more than 1,000 other jobs that indirectly relied on the plant,according to some estimates.Trump's promise to save the plant was met with skepticism in some corners ofIndiana, home state of Vice President-elect Mike Pence, but he carried the stateeasily over Hillary Clinton.Courant staff writer Stephen Singer contributed to this story.