Now that the battle is over, what's next? Both presidential candidates gave ittheir all. The presidential contest was contentious, with both candidates sayingthings that were hurtful. Both candidates accused one another of all kinds ofthings that, in many cases, were not true. In the end, Donald Trump emergedvictorious.Unlike previous presidential contests, there have been many demonstrationsagainst the results of this election. I wonder how many demonstrations mighthave occurred had the results of this contest been different? No matter, the dieis cast and the United states will have a new president in January, regardlessof how anyone feels.Unlike previous presidential contests, this one contained many threats on thepart of the victorious candidate, as well as a number of promises - which may ormay not be kept. Some of the threats were made in the "heat of battle" andcannot or will not be carried out and some of the promises made cannot or willnot be carried out as well. The bottom line is that the president of the UnitedStates can and cannot do things without the approval of Congress. The advantagethe president-elect has is that he is a Republican and the Congress iscontrolled by the Republicans in both the House of Representatives and in theSenate.Although this can be a tremendous advantage, it will dissipate if he does notuse his power judicially and his party acts against him. During his presidentialcampaign, Trump made a number of political enemies on both sides of the aisle,and some of them may come back to haunt him. On the other hand, President-ElectTrump had some good ideas in the minds of many people, as evidenced by hiselection victory via the Electoral College, if not the popular vote. Many of thepeople who voted for him come from the south and mid-west and were moved by hispromise to "Make America Great Again" by bringing back industry to the UnitedStates as well as other promises aimed toward raising the standards of livingfor many U.S. citizens. The United States faces many other problems. Somepromises made by Trump are reasonable and can be achieved, while others are notpossible without the approval of Congress.One of the negative outcomes of this election is the number of demonstrationstaking place throughout the United States. These demonstrations against theoutcome of the presidential race only emphasize the lack of what the UnitedStates is all about, which is the concept that the majority rules and theminority accepts it in good grace. Unfortunately, when using this argument, theUnited States elects itsSEE mitchell,  7president, not by popular vote, but by the electoral vote method. Thus, apresidential candidate can win the popular vote, but fail to get the necessary270 electoral votes and, therefore, lose the election.This method of electing the president was crafted by our founding fathers andalthough I, personally, favor the popular vote method, it wouldn't cross my mindto demonstrate against the existing method. If people do not agree with theelections results and the method used to achieve it, they should work to changeit and not act like children and demonstrate against a result that cannot bechanged this time around.Articles dealing with the results of this election can go on forever, but it issufficient to say again that "the die is cast" and whether we agree or disagree,the people of the United States must unite and work together for the benefit ofeveryone. Remember, the world is watching.-- Frank Mitchell is a Lancaster resident and former superintendent of schools.From Page 6