With its imagery of native people throwing a lifeline to struggling immigrants,the holiday that Americans observe today celebrates values that seem to belongto another era. After all, we just elected a president who pledged toeffectively close the borders to refugees fleeing sectarian oppression andviolence in distant lands -- immigrants more desperate than even the persecutedPilgrims who boarded the Mayflower -- and to expel those who fled poverty andcrime in their home countries to build safe and productive lives here without alegal right to do so.To focus on the superficial parallels between then and now, however, would be tomiss a more important aspect of what we celebrate on Thanksgiving. As time wouldreveal, the English emigres and the original inhabitants of Cape Cod were rivalsat the most basic level. Yet the Pilgrims who lived to see their first harvestin 1621 celebrated it with members of the neighboring Wampanoag Indians becausethey recognized a few important things that they shared -- starting with theircommon interest in eking out a living on the land and belief in a Creator whohad helped them grow enough food to make it through another winter.Finding these sorts of touchpoints seems harder for Americans these days. Thepolarization between the political right and left, from the grass roots to thenation's capital, has grown more acute over the last two decades. We've splitinto multiple political, cultural and ethnic tribes -- fissures promoted by theecho chambers of the Internet and cemented this year by a wildly divisivepresidential campaign, which left protesters chanting "Not my president" in thestreets of several major cities for days after the election. President-electDonald J. Trump has been sounding some of the right notes as he prepares to takeoffice, yet his first few appointments have only reinforced Democrats'suspicions that his administration will be every bit as extreme as his campaign.The strains in the ties that bind us together as a nation will be felt at many adinner table today, as families and friends gather to celebrate the holiday andtry not to talk politics. But ignoring our differences won't make them go away.Three hundred ninety-five years after the first Thanksgiving, the challengeisn't to make it through the next winter. It's to search for our losttouchpoints -- the goals we all share, from liberty to security and from equalopportunity to universal prosperity. We can and will fight over the means tothose ends. But first, we need to find a way to agree on where we want to go.Together.