HIGHLIGHT: Let's take a break and see what's going on.I've been thinking a lot about the best imaginable Trump voter. This is theTrump supporter who wasn't motivated by racism or bigotry. This is the one whocringed every time Donald Trump did something cruel, vulgar or misogynistic.But this voter needed somebody to change the systems that are failing her. Sheneeded somebody to change the public school system that serves the suburbanchildren of professors, journalists and lawyers but has left her kidsunder-skilled and underpaid. She needed some way to protect herself from thetech executives who give exciting speeches about disruption but don't knowanything about the people actually being disrupted.She is one of those people whom Joan C. Williams writes about in The HarvardBusiness Review who admires rich people but disdains professionals - theteachers who condescend to her, the doctors who don't make time for her, theactivists whose definition of social justice never seems to include thesuffering people like her experience.This voter wants leaders tough enough to crack through the reigning dysfunction,and sure enough, Trump's appointments so far represent the densest concentrationof hyper-macho belligerence outside a drill sergeant retirement home.This voter wants a philosophic change of course, and Trump offers that, too. Thetwo party establishments are mired in their orthodoxies, but Trump and hisappointees are embodiments of the nationalism espoused by Pat Buchanan, the mostinfluential public intellectual in America today.Buchanan's organizing worldview is embodied in visceral form in the person ofSteve Bannon."The globalists gutted the American working class and created a middle class inAsia," Bannon said in his Hollywood Reporter interview. The new politicalmovement, he said, is "everything related to jobs."He vowed to drive conservatives crazy with a gigantic spending program to createjobs. He vowed to use that money to create a new New Deal that will win over 40percent of the black and Hispanic vote, creating a neo-Jacksonian majority thatwill govern for 50 years.It's not my cup of tea, but I can see why some good people might be willing totolerate Trump and Bannon's personalities in order to pursue it.Thinking about this best voter has helped me take an emotional pause. Many of myfellow Trump critics are expressing outrage, depression, bewilderment ordisgust. They're marching or writing essays: Should we normalize Trump or fightthe normalizers?It all seems so useless during this transition moment. It's all a series ofnarcissistic displays and discussions about our own emotional states.It seems like the first thing to do is really learn what this election isteaching us. Second, this seems like a moment for some low-passion wonkery. It'sstupid to react to every Trump tweet outrage with your own predictable howls.It's silly to treat politics and governance purely on cultural grounds, as ahigh school popularity contest, where my sort of people denigrates your sort ofpeople.We've arrived at the moment of actual governing. We've arrived at the momentwhen Trump has to turn his vague notions into concrete proposals.Trump promised to rip up the Iran deal, but he seems to be realizing there aresix other signatories and we've lost leverage with the Iranians because wealready gave them back their money.Trump promises to repeal Obamacare, but how do you do that when it has alreadybeen woven into the fabric of every health care system in America?Whether it's reforming immigration or trade policy, his governing challenge isgoing to be astoundingly hard and complicated. Surely this is not the moment toget swept up in our own moral superiority, but rather to understand thespecificity of the proposals he comes up with and to offer concrete amendmentsand alternatives to address the same problems.Finally, surely a little universal humility is in order. Orthodox Republicansspent the last 30 years talking grandly about entrepreneurialism while thesocial fabric around their core voters disintegrated. Maybe a little governmentaction would have helped?The Democratic Party is losing badly on the local, state and national levels. Ifyou were a football team you'd be 2-8. Maybe you can do better than respondingwith the sentiment: Sadly, the country isn't good enough for us.Those of us in the opinion class have been complaining that Trump voters arepost-truth, that they don't have a respect for expertise. Well, the expertscreated a school system that doesn't produce skilled graduates. The expertsdesigned Obamacare exchanges that are failing. Maybe those of us in theprofessional class need to win back some credibility the old-fashioned way, witheffective reform.There will be plenty of time to be disgusted with Trump's bigotry, narcissismand incompetence. It's tempting to get so caught up in his outrage du jour thatyou never have to do any self-examination. But let's be honest: It wouldn't killus Trump critics to take a break from our never-ending umbrage to engage in alittle listening.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTopinion),and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.