WASHINGTON - President-elect Donald Trump holds stock in the company buildingthe disputed Dakota Access oil pipeline, and pipeline opponents warn thatTrump's investments could affect any decision he makes on the $3.8 billionproject as president.Concern about Trump's possible conflicts comes amid protests that unfold dailyalong the proposed pipeline route. The dispute over the route has intensified inrecent weeks, with total arrests since August rising to 528. A recent clash nearthe main protest camp in North Dakota left a police officer and severalprotesters injured.Trump's 2016 federal disclosure forms show he owned between $15,000 and $50,000in stock in Texas-based Energy Transfer Partners. That's down from between$500,000 and $1 million a year earlier.Trump also owns between $100,000 and $250,000 in Phillips 66, which has aone-quarter share of Dakota Access.While Trump's stake in the pipeline company is modest compared with his otherassets, ethics experts say it's among dozens of potential conflicts that couldbe resolved by placing his investments in a blind trust, a step Trump hasresisted.President Barack Obama's administration said this month that it wants more studyand tribal input before deciding whether to allow the partially built pipelineto cross under a Missouri River reservoir in North Dakota.The 1,200-mile pipeline would carry oil across four states to a shipping pointin Illinois. The project has been held up while the Army Corps of Engineersconsults with the Standing Rock Sioux, who believe the project could harm thetribe's drinking water and Native American cultural sites.The delay raises the likelihood that a final decision will be made by Trump, apipeline supporter who has vowed to "unleash" unfettered production of oil andgas. He takes office in January."Trump's investments in the pipeline business threaten to undercut faith in thisprocess - which was already frayed - by interjecting his own financialwell-being into a much bigger decision," said Sharon Buccino, director of theland and wildlife program at the Natural Resources Defense Council, anenvironmental group.Trump holds ownership stakes in more than 500 companies worldwide. He has saidhe plans to transfer control of his company to three of his adult children, butethics experts have said conflicts could engulf the new administration if Trumpdoes not liquidate his business holdings.Rep. Raul Grijalva, D-Ariz., senior Democrat on the House Natural ResourcesCommittee, called Trump's investment in the pipeline company "disturbing" andsaid it fits a pattern evident in Trump's transition team."You have climate [change] deniers, industry lobbyists and energy conglomeratesinvolved in that process," Grijalva said. "The pipeline companies are gleeful.This is pay-to-play at its rawest."Besides Trump, at least two potential candidates for energy secretary also couldbenefit from the pipeline. Oil billionaire Harold Hamm could ship oil from hiscompany, Continental Resources, through the pipeline; and former Texas Gov. RickPerry serves on the board of directors of Energy Transfer Partners.