PHILADELPHIA - Green Party candidate Jill Stein has raised more than $5 millionto pursue an election recount in three key Rust Belt states won by Donald Trump.The money is needed to post bonds for recounts in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin andMichigan. The deadline for contesting Pennsylvania's election results is Monday.Ms. Stein's campaign launched an online fundraising effort Wednesday seeking$2.5 million and then $4.5 million to cover the costs of recounts in Wisconsinand Pennsylvania. A new goal of $7 million was set Friday to cover Michigan.The effort follows a report, published in New York Magazine on Tuesday, thatsome election lawyers and computer experts suspect election returns "may havebeen manipulated or hacked" in those three states.In some areas, they detected a pattern in which Democrat Hillary Clinton faredworse in precincts where votes were recorded electronically, without a papertrail to confirm the digital record is correct, the Pittsburgh Post-Gazettereported.The party is now seeking volunteers to take part in verifying the results inPennsylvania's presidential contest, which Mr. Trump won by 70,000 votes. Threevoters in each precinct must file affidavits by Monday petitioning a CommonPleas Court judge for a recount in their districts.Such challenges will likely be scattered unevenly across the state. But CarlRomanelli, Ms. Stein's Pennsylvania field director, said the goal wasn't toreverse the election outcome, but "to get an idea of the integrity ofPennsylvania's elections." Some progressives distrust electronic voting machinesused in Allegheny and most other counties.In Allegheny County, previous recounts have involved tabulating absentee ballotsby hand and comparing election-night result tapes with a flash drive in eachvoting machine.Philadelphia, along with two-thirds of Pennsylvania counties, uses suchmachines, which experts have demonstrated can be hacked even without beinghooked up to the internet.The basis for this week's concerns, however, appears to be purelycircumstantial. One of the experts in the magazine report, University ofMichigan computer scientist J. Alex Halderman, wrote separately that machineshad "probably not" been hacked, but the only way to be sure was "to closelyexamine the available physical evidence."The Clinton campaign has not pressed for recounts."If there were something to do here, there are a lot of us who would be jumpingon it," said Adam Bonin, a Philadelphia election law attorney who representsDemocrats.LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHPUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper