HIGHLIGHT: Prominent attorney, wealthy newcomers, legislators consider bid.President-elect Donald Trump's decision to tap U.S.Rep.Tom Price as his healthand human services secretary has triggered a scramble to represent his solidlyconservative suburban Atlanta district.At least six state legislators, a former statewide officeholder, a former statesenator, a prominent immigration attorney, an influential Trump backer andseveral wealthy political newcomers are considering a bid to replace thesix-term Roswell Republican.Some analysts are predicting the race to represent the 6th District, an affluentswath of the Atlanta suburbs that stretches from north DeKalb and Fultoncounties to east Cobb County, to be one of the most crowded and expensivespecial election contests in Georgia history."Special elections are the most unpredictable events. You don't know who theelectorate is, and it's extremely difficult to get people to show up," saidBrian Robinson, a Republican strategist and former aide to Gov. Nathan Deal."And there's no front-runner. In a field this big, you have no front-runneruntil someone writes a giant check."The district's demographics also pose a challenge for the dozen or so potentialRepublican candidates eyeing the race.Although Price won his six terms with relative ease, many of the Republicans inthe establishment-friendly north Atlanta suburbs spurned Trump. U.S. Sen. MarcoRubio of Florida won the district in the GOP presidential primary in March, andTrump eked out a razor-thin victory there in November despite carrying the stateby 5 percentage points."It's an economically conservative, socially libertarian district on the main,"said Sandy Springs Mayor Rusty Paul, a former head of the Georgia GOP. "It'sconservative, but it's more of a centrist conservatism. They want fewerregulations and fiscal responsibility. But they want the least, the lost and theleft behind not to be least and lost and the left behind."Republicans are favored to hold the seat, but Democrats vow to field a promisingrecruit. Several high-pro-file Democrats live in the district, including stateRep. Scott Holcomb, a U.S. Army veteran and attorney, and state Rep. TaylorBennett, a onetime Georgia Tech quarterback who narrowly lost a re-election bidthis month.When Holcomb was asked why he thinks his party might have a shot at the openseat, he responded with one word: "Trump.""It's a tough race, but the right candidate could raise all the moneynecessary," he elaborated. "The district is not looking for a rubber stamp forTrump."The earliest the election could be held is in February, as Price is not likelyto resign until he's confirmed by the U.S. Senate. His confirmation vote isexpected in late January, and state law requires the governor to call for aspecial election at least 30 days after the vacancy opens. If nobody wins amajority of that vote-- which is nearly a certainty in a crowded race--then arunoff would be held between the top two finishers.The jockeying for Price's seat will color a legislative session already expectedto be roiled by battles over "religious liberty" legislation, Second Amendmentrights, immigration crackdowns and sweeping health care changes. Sittinglawmakers would have to resign to qualify, but they'd use their platform to pushred-meat legislation and rail against their opponents.State Sen. Brandon Beach, one of three GOP senators interested in the seat, saidit's hard not to consider a run for a seat that typically opens once everydecade or so."This just happened last night, but I'd be foolish not to look at theopportunity," said Beach, an Alpharetta Republican who heads the North FultonChamber of Commerce. "But I'm only interested right now in serving Georgians andmaking sure we have policy that's pro-business, less regulations and lesstaxes."A quartet of women are also among the potential contenders for the seat. One ofthem could make history as the first Republican congresswoman from Georgia.Former Secretary of State Karen Handel and state Rep. Betty Price, Tom Price'swife, have tremendous name recognition in the district. And state Rep. Jan Jonesis the highest-ranking woman in Georgia GOP politics as the No. 2 in the Housechamber. Former Johns Creek Councilwoman Kelly Stewart is also scouting therace."Steve and I are humbled by the outpouring of encouragement and we are seriouslyconsidering how to best serve the constituents of Georgia's 6th District,"Handel said in a statement.Several political newcomers could jump in. Charles Kuck, a prominentimmigrationattorney, saidhewasconsideringabid.SoisBruceLeVell, a Dunwoodyjeweler who headedTrump'sdiversitycoalition.He said he would claim Trump's"drain the swamp" mantra and run as a swashbuckling reformer should he get inthe race.And former state Sen. Dan Moody has told several rivals and other politicalfigures that he's willing to dig deep into his own pockets to run for the openseat.Just as important is the right message and tone for a district uneasy with Trumpthat seems unlikely to elect a hard-right conservative. Paul, the Sandy Springsmayor, said he's hoping voters choose a young conservative with a penchant forworking across party lines and building consensus."You've got to demonstrate you know how to work inside a legislative body toaccomplish things, to build coalitions to get things done," Paul said. "Lonewolves need not apply."(Box)ABOUT TOM PRICE Age:62Born: Lansing, Michigan Home: RoswellCareer: Worked for nearly 20 years as an orthopedic surgeonPolitical career: Served four terms in the Georgia Senate, elected to Congressin 2004 Family: Wife, state Rep. Betty Price, R-Roswell, and a sonTHE 6THCONGRESSIONAL DISTRICTHere's a demographic breakdown of U.S.Rep. Tom Price's district, which stretchesfrom north DeKalb and Fulton counties to east Cobb County:70 percent white 13 percent black 11 percent Asian 6 percent Other Medianhousehold income: $83,844 15 percent of households make $200,000 or more 59.5percent ofresidents have a bachelor's degree orhigherSource: U.S.Census BureauA LOOK AT THE REPUBLICAN CONTENDERS WHO COULD JUMP IN THE RACEState Sen.John Albers:Elected in 2010,the Roswell telecom executive and volunteer firefighter is askeptic of MARTA's expansion and a reliable conservative vote in the Senate.State Sen.Brandon Beach:The head of the North Fulton Chamber of Commerce, Beach is an outspokensupporter of gambling initiatives to raise money for the HOPE scholarship and apro-transit advocate who fought offa bitter primary challenge from the rightagainst a rival who attacked him for his MARTA support.Former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel:She's a power broker in north Fulton County, and her campaigns for governor andthe U.S.Senate revolved around building support in Atlanta's northern suburbs.She's also close to Price's circle, which could pay dividends if other Priceloyalists stay out of the race.State Sen.Judson Hill:Almost all of Hill's Senate territory--which stretches from Cobb County to SandySprings--is in Price's district.And Hill, who seems all but guaranteed to run,would try to unite Cobb voters behind him. Cade Joiner: A onetime CollegeRepublican leader who is a small business owner, Joiner would likely run as anoutsider.State Rep.Jan Jones:The Milton lawmaker is the highest-ranking woman in Georgia GOP politics as th