where we stand Sugary beverages are a factor -- yet not the only contributor to-- the national obesity epidemic. But imposition of extra taxes on soft drinksseems more about the revenue for government than public health.On this, the eve of Thanksgiving 2016, many Americans are not much in the moodfor giving thanks and sharing joy.For some, the election did not go their way, and they are unhappy with whatPresident-elect Trump has done or what they anticipate he will do.For others, they are thrilled with the election results but object to theprotests and conduct of those on the other side.And for virtually all Americans, there are myriad problems, issues andinjustices that serve to, as the Bob Dylan protest song goes, "shake yourwindows and rattle your walls." Dwell on just one or two of those issues, and itcould pretty well spoil your Thanksgiving.It seems hard to believe, because so much has happened during this period, butit has been only two weeks since the results of the presidential election wereconfirmed and Donald Trump (victory) and Hillary Clinton (concession) deliveredtheir speeches.This subsequent fortnight has included street protests by Trump opponents,pushback from Trump supporters and other statements of protest in various forms,including those by musicians, actors and other celebrities.On Friday, Vice President-elect Mike Pence attended the Broadway production ofthe hit musical "Hamilton." Not since Abraham Lincoln has a senior governmentofficial's trip to a theater received so much press. That's because the castused its curtain call to call out Pence as he was reaching the exit (securityprocedures, no doubt).With fellow cast members standing behind him on stage, actor Brandon Dixon said,"We, sir - we are the diverse America who are alarmed and anxious that your newadministration will not protectus, our planet, our children, our parents, or defend us and uphold ourinalienable rights." He said, "We truly hope that this show has inspired you touphold our American values and to work on behalf of all of us."Was that appropriate? Was that disrespectful? Are public officials, wherever andwhenever they might be, fair game for comment and criticism? When people buy aticket to a production or performance, are they entitled to a production orperformance without the performers' personal opinions?Those are hard questions. Is there a way to balance free-speech rights andrespect for an individual who soon will be a heartbeat away from the presidency?People will disagree about that. In fact, Pence, who also drew boos from someaudience members last week, and his boss-to-be see it differently.The president-elect sent out several angry tweets, denouncing the cast of the"overrated" show for disrespect and harassment of Pence. He demanded an apology,which is not likely to come.However, Pence took it all in good stride. Without stating judgment on the boosand on-stage call-out, Pence said he wasn't offended and acknowledged that manyAmericans are concerned about the future."I know this is a very disappointing time for people that did not see theircandidate win in this national election. I know that this is a very anxious timefor some people," Pence said on Fox News Sunday. "And I just want to reassurepeople that what President-elect Donald Trump said on election night, heabsolutely meant from the bottom of his heart. He is preparing to be thepresident ofall of the people of the United States of America."Pence noted that when some boos were mixed with cheers as he and his childrentook their seats in the theater, he nudged his children and said, "This is whatfreedom sounds like."Indeed.That is what freedom inAmericasounds like.In many other countries, do what those actors did or those protesters are doing,and the outcome could be far different than it is here. Instead of an angrytweet, they would receive punishment.A few years ago, the Mail & Guardian, of South Africa, compiled a summary of howvarious countries deal with dissent or simple disrespect toward governmentofficials and-or royalty. It's not pretty.Harsh punishments are not limited to such countries as Turkey, where a prisonterm of up to four years awaits someone criticizing its president; China, wheresomeone can wind up in prison for virtually anything deemed subversive; andIran, where the insult of any government leader is worth up to two yearsimprisonment - or, as an option, a fine and a flogging of 74 lashes.Even our friends and allies don't take kindly to insults. France, Spain, Braziland Thailand are among the countries that punish (usually with fines) those whospeak ill of their leaders.So, during these tense and unsettled times in our country, where free speech isexercised and its propriety debated, we should appreciate on this Thanksgivingthat we live in the United States of America, which, despite its manychallenges, remains the greatest nation on Earth.Editorials reflect the consensus of the Telegraph Herald Editorial Board.