PARIS - Francois Fillon won France's first-ever conservative presidentialprimary Sunday after promising drastic free-market reforms and a crackdown onimmigration and Islamic extremism, beating a more moderate rival who had warnedof encroaching populism."President! President!" chanted the former prime minister's supporters as hedeclared victory over Alain Juppe in a nationwide runoff election.Polls suggest that Fillon, 62, the prime minister from 2007-2012 underex-President Nicolas Sarkozy, would have a good chance of winning the Frenchpresidency in the April-May election.Fillon campaigned on promises of slashing public spending, capping immigration,support for traditional family values and friendlier ties with Russian PresidentVladimir Putin. Fillon enjoyed a surprise surge in popularity in recent weeksover longtime front-runner Juppe, who also previously served as the country'sprime minister.In a sober victory speech, Fillon promised to defend "French values" and saidFrance needed "a complete change of software.""There is in our country an immense need for respect and pride. There is also acall for the authority of the state, and exemplary behavior by those who leadit," he said.Fillon, whom Juppe had accused of running a divisive campaign that catered tothe far right, struck a slightly more inclusive tone Sunday night."No one should feel excluded from a society that I want to see more just andwith more solidarity," he said.Juppe, 71, congratulated Fillon on his "wide victory." During the primarycampaign, he expressed ideas similar to his rival's on the French economy buttried to rally conservatives around a more tolerant attitude toward France'sethnic, religious and social diversity.Based on results from about 88 percent of polling stations, organizers of thecenter-right Republicans party primary said Fillon led with 67 percent of thevote compared with 33 percent for Juppe.Fillon's toughest challenge ahead is likely to be far-right leader Marine LePen. Le Pen is running an anti-establishment campaign that particularly targetsimmigrants, France's large Muslim minority and the European Union.Socialist President Francois Hollande is expected to announce in coming weekswhether he will seek re-election, but the French left has been deeply weakenedby Hollande's extreme unpopularity.Both Fillon and Juppe are high-profile leaders of the Republicans party whoknocked their former boss - former President Nicolas Sarkozy - out of theprimary's first round of voting a week ago.Sarkozy then threw his weight behind Fillon.Sunday's runoff came after a bruising and highly adversarial end phase to themonths-long primary contest, an American-style effort to end party infightingand bolster support for the party's nominee. The conservatives previously chosetheir candidate internally.Fillon, a conservative Catholic who opposed France's law legalizing same-sexmarriages, said he planned to reduce immigration to France "to a minimum" -positioning himself firmly to Juppe's right.LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHGRAPHIC:  Francois Fillon delivers a speech after the conservative presidentialprimary in Paris, Sunday, Nov. 27, 2016. Fillon won France's first-everconservative presidential primary after promising drastic free-market reformsand a crackdown on immigration and Islamic extremism, beating a more moderaterival who had warned of encroaching populism. (AP Photo/Christophe Ena)  AlainJuppe, left behind, watches Francois Fillon leaving after the conservativepresidential primary in Paris, Sunday, Nov. 27, 2016. Fillon won France'sfirst-ever conservative presidential primary after promising drastic free-marketreforms and a crackdown on immigration and Islamic extremism, beating a moremoderate rival who had warned of encroaching populism. (AP Photo/Christophe Ena)France's upcoming presidential primary election candidate of the right-wingparty, Francois Fillon, centre, leaves after casting his vote for the secondround of the conservative primary election, in Paris, Sunday, Nov. 27, 2016.French conservatives on Sunday are choosing their nominee for next year's vitalpresidential election from among two former prime ministers with deep experiencein government and differing views on how to prevent more terror attacks onFrench soil. (AP Photo/Thibault Camus)  Alain Juppe, left, shakes hands withFrancois Fillon after the conservative presidential primary in Paris, Sunday,Nov. 27, 2016. Fillon won France's first-ever conservative presidential primaryafter promising drastic free-market reforms and a crackdown on immigration andIslamic extremism, beating a more moderate rival who had warned of encroachingpopulism. (AP Photo/Christophe Ena)  Alain Juppe reacts at his campaignheadquarters after the announcement of results in the conservative party'snational primary election in Paris, Sunday, Nov. 27, 2016. Francois Fillon wonFrance's first-ever conservative presidential primary after promising drasticfree-market reforms and a crackdown on immigration and Islamic extremism,beating a more moderate rival who had warned of encroaching populism. (APPhoto/Christophe Ena)PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper