Donald Trump refused to release his federal income tax forms during hissuccessful run for the presidency, leaving voters to wonder how much he earnedand how much in federal taxes he paid.But thanks to Florida's open records laws -- and an unusual tweet from the PalmBeach County Tax Collector's Office -- the world knows that Trump paid propertytaxes Monday on real estate he owns in Palm Beach County.The president-elect coughed up a combined $190,667.73 for three pieces of realestate he owns in the county, including the lavish Mar-a-Lago compound on PalmBeach. Mar-a-Lago was responsible for $146,927.03 of that 2016 tax bill.By paying the bills before the end of November, Trump qualified for a 4 percentdiscount -- a point the tax collector's office (@TAXPBC) pointed out in a tweetthat read: "President Elect @realDonaldTrump paid #PalmBeach property tax billstoday, in time for 4% Nov. payment discount http://ow.ly/NYTy306BsOm."Property taxes become delinquent on April 1. Those who pay by the end ofNovember receive a 4 percent discount. That discount drops to 3 percent forthose who pay by the end of December. It goes down to 2 percent for those whopay by the end of January and to 1 percent for those who pay by the end ofFebruary.The tweet included a link to the tax collector's web site, which allows visitorsto type in the name of a property owner and learn how much that person paid inproperty taxes. Such information is public in Florida, but it is unusual for thetax collector's office to notify the public when an individual property ownerhas paid his or her taxes.Of course, the county hasn't before been the part-time home of thepresident-elect of the United States since John F. Kennedy won in 1960.Palm Beach County Tax Collector Anne Gannon, a Democrat, was a supporter offormer U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, whom Trump defeated. Gannonattended the Democratic Party's national convention in Philadelphia, where sherounded up votes for Clinton.Gannon said her support of Clinton had nothing to do with her decision to tweetout that Trump had paid his taxes."I think it's fair game," she said of the tweet. "He is, after all,president-elect of the United States. If (President) Obama was in my county andpaid his taxes, I'd tweet that out, too."And later in response to a Palm Beach Post editor's tweet about the originaltweet, @TAXPBC tweeted, "@paulblythe @realDonaldTrump Regardless of politicalaffiliation, we encourage all PBC property owners to pay early and pay online."Trump hasn't always agreed with the assessment of his properties in Palm BeachCounty, which until a couple weeks ago, he was suing regarding Palm BeachInternational Airport flight paths over Mar-a -Lago.In the past, Trump, like other taxpayers, has availed himself of the assessmentappeals process overseen by the value adjustment board. Given that Trump hasalready paid his taxes, it is unlikely that he appealed the assessment of hisproperties.wwashington@pbpost.com