President-elect Donald Trump wants a much bigger military. All he needs to do isfind the money and political support to make it happen.About two weeks into the Republican businessman's transition from unlikelypresidential candidate to unlikely commander in chief, many details of his plansfor the Defense Department remain unsettled. His picks to lead the Pentagon, theindividual services and his national security staff are still unsettled. RetiredArmy Lt. Gen. Mike Flynn was named his administration's national securityadviser on Friday, and Trump has been reaching out to potential defensesecretary candidates in recent days, including retired Marine Corps Gen. JamesMattis, who as the head of U.S. Central Command from 2010 to 2013 choreographedthe wars in Afghanistan and Iraq under President Obama.The common thread between Team Trump's transition discussions and thepresident-elect's campaign rhetoric is a belief that defense spending hasdropped to dangerously low levels, and that the military needs to add lots ofpeople - more than 160,000 by some estimates - along with investing heavily innew ships and aircraft.Trump wants an active-duty Army with another 60,000 soldiers in the ranks, anunspecified number of additional sailors to man the 78 ships and submarines heintends to see built in coming years. He wants up to 12,000 more Marines toserve in infantry and tank battalions, and at least another 100 combat aircraftfor the Air Force.If Trump's administration can accomplish even a portion of this, it could havesweeping effects on rank-and-file military personnel, touching everything fromindividual advancement opportunities to the number of U.S. troops stationedoverseas and overall operational tempo. The scope of growth being suggestedwould require many more officers and noncommissioned officers, influencing, overthe course of several years, how each service recruits, promotes and retains itsworkforce.It could reshape how many American troops find themselves assigned togeopolitical hot spots, including the Middle East, Eastern Europe and SoutheastAsia. And all of this, in theory, would ease the pace at which service membersare deployed or actively preparing to go overseas, which amounts to time awayfrom their homes and families.It is unclear, though, whether Trump's plans include a boost for troops' pay andbenefits, the value of which has eroded as annual raises have fallen belowcivilian wage growth for the past five years. This has become a source offrustration and anxiety among rank-and-file personnel, many of whom feel they'vebeen asked to do more with less.In the past, cuts to military personnel accounts came at the request of thePentagon's top brass, which voiced concerns that rising personnel costs wouldtake money from modernization and readiness accounts. And any plans to ratchetup the size of the force could renew pressure on military personnel accountsbecause maintaining a larger force costs more money.Standing in Trump's way is the ongoing fight in Washington over mandatoryspending caps enacted by Congress in 2011 with hopes of reigning in the federalbudget. This has inflicted a unique form of paralysis on the Pentagon, inparticular, which has managed to ease some shortfalls by leveraging the $25billion to $30 billion set aside each year for combat operations and otheroverseas contingencies.Although there is widespread distaste for the Budget Control Act, lawmakers havebeen unable to negotiate a way forward that increases defense spending whileensuring other areas of the budget are kept in check. Republican leaders inCongress say they are hopeful the next administration, coupled with a Republicanmajority in both houses, will bring new possibilities for a repeal. ButDemocrats have promised a fight if Trump and his administration insist onincreasing defense spending without boosting domestic programs."Both presidential candidates called for an end to sequestration for defense,"said Rep. Michael Turner, R-Ohio and a key member of the House Armed ServicesCommittee. "I believe Congress is ready to repeal it, certainly on the militaryside."Yet even if a compromise is reached on Capitol Hill, the cost for Trump'smilitary proposals may be too much for fiscal hawks to accept. Earlier thismonth, officials from the conservative American Enterprise Institute estimated"about $55 to $60 billion extra per year over four years for the meat andpotatoes of a military buildup." Fully implementing his plan would surely pushthat number higher."Adding in crucial smaller programs, accounting for weapons cost growth, andreturning the entire force to adequate readiness pushes the real price tag evenfurther upward," the report said. A more realistic figure is "somewhere betweenan additional $250 to $300 billion over four years."Convincing Democrats and skeptical Republicans already wary of federal debt tosupport such massive investments will take political savvy and legwork, much ofwhich will fall on Trump's yet-to-be-named military appointees.An Army of 540,000Trump's military agenda has been heavily influenced by researchers at theconservative Heritage Foundation, a Washington think tank. Its annual " Index ofU.S. Military Strength," released in mid-November, concludes that America'sarmed forces have withered. They are, the report argues, "only marginally ableto meet the demands of defending vital national interests." It assigns that term- "marginal" - to the Navy, Air Force and Marine Corps.The Army is in much worse shape, according to these findings. With onlyone-third of the force at "acceptable" readiness, the Army has become "smaller,older and weaker," the Heritage report warns.Trump has said he wants to halt the Army's planned personnel drawdown, which ison course to bottom out at 450,000 active-duty soldiers in 2018. Instead, hewants boost today's force by 60,000, for a total of 540,000 soldiers. Defenseadvocates, even those who've been critical of Trump, say this is a necessity."The Army is grossly undermanned." said retired Gen. Barry McCaffrey, a 32-yearinfantry officer who held top-level posts at the Pentagon and in NATO and laterserved as drug czar in President Bill Clinton's administration. "You've got tohave a military combat capability that is believed by the Russians and the NorthKoreans, among others, as being capable and willing to confront them in anair-ground-sea battle."McCaffrey said specifically that there is "inadequate ground combat power" inEurope, which is under threat from a resurgent Russia. Trump has indicated hewants to reset relations with Moscow, but Pentagon leadership and even membersof his own party believe that would be a mistake. The Heritage Foundation saysRussia is the primary threat to American interests, followed by Iran, China andterrorist groups such as the Islamic State. North Korea was downgraded, from"hostile" to merely "aggressive."It is unclear whether the growth Trump envisions would translate to more troopsdeployed or assigned outside the United States. He has said he wants foreignallies to take a larger role providing for their own defense, hinting that someoverseas military bases could be consolidated or shuttered. But McCaffrey saidhe is confident Trump will see value in those alliances and strive to reinforceU.S. military presence in key regions."At some point," the retired general said, "math counts in warfare. If you don'twant to fight, then maintain a capability that is persuasive to your adversaryas being capable of taking them on."New ships and submarinesTrump also as vowed to build the 350-ship Navy that Republican defense hawkshave long sought. Today, the battle force totals 272 ships and submarines.It's unclear what mix of ships the incoming administration wants to build, butone thing is for sure: There will be considerable cost. Ford-class aircraftcarriers, for instance, are about $10 billion each. A single Virginia-classattack sub is $3 billion. Each new littoral combat ship is $500 million. Andbeyond hardware, this plan would require the addition of 50,000 sailors, by oneestimate.In a campaign memo, Trump advisers promised specifically to fund modernizing "asignificant number of the Navy's Ticonderoga-class cruisers," some of which havebeen sidelined for months or years pending overhauls. The memo describes plansto invest heavily in new subs and Arleigh Burke-class destroyers, and torevitalize shipyards and get warships the maintenance that has been deferred inthe last few years because due to budget cuts. Trump wants to identify where oldshipyards went out of business and have the ability to restart.Even if Trump's administration can find the money needed for such a dramaticexpansion, new ships can't be built overnight. Reaching a fleet of the sizeTrump has proposed will take until the 2030s, said Bryan Clark, who served assenior aide to Chief of Naval Operations Adm. Jon Greenert and now works as ananalyst with the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments. To get there,the Navy would need to accelerate aircraft carrier production, start buildingthree Virginia-class attack submarines per year, continue to commission newLittoral Combat Ships and have new frigates doing low-end missions in 2019.Such a buildup would propel the service from a force of 330,000 sailors today tomore than 380,000. If enacted, Trump's Navy would be largest size since 1998.More aircraft and AirmenTrump's Air Force would boast 1,200 fighter aircraft, ideally, an increase ofabout 100. Including surveillance, cargo planes and other platforms, the AirForce fleet numbers nearly 2,000 today.Defense advocates are hopeful that Trump's administration will push tosupplement the Air Force's operations and maintenance budget, making it easierto pay for spare parts, fuel and training hours. "It needs to be done," saidretired Gen. Merrill McPeak, who was the Air Force's chief of staff during thefirst Gulf War. "The Air Force is too small now, and in particular, the combatflying elements of the Air Force are too small. If he is able to follow throughon such a notion, I think that would be grand."The Air Force has declined from its post-9/11 peak of 376,616 airmen in fiscal2004 to roughly 311,000 in fiscal 2015. That drawdown was most painfully felt in2014, when a series of voluntary and involuntary force management programs cutroughly 20,000 airmen in two years and left the active-duty Air Force at itslowest end strength since 1948 - the year after it was established as its ownservice.Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James later admitted that she soon realized thesequestration-driven force cuts "just didn't seem to be adding up anymore," andwere causing significant strain on the force. So leaders refocused on trying torebuild, especially in crucial areas such as cyber security, intelligence,surveillance and reconnaissance, battlefield airmen and maintenance. Today, theAir Force numbers about 317,000.John Venable, an Air Force veteran and a defense fellow at the HeritageFoundation, said he believes Trump could boost Air Force personnel by roughly40,000 airmen in the next few years, a number needed to operate and maintain thenew equipment Trump wants to buy. But it will have to be a methodical growth tobring airmen on board and train them, he said. Today, the Air Force is about 700pilots short, and training new personnel to replace departing pilots is not aquick process.Enough Marines for 2 wars at onceTrump has promised to build a Marine Corps capable of simultaneously winning twowars. It would be based on 36 battalions, up from the current force structure of24 active-duty infantry battalions, two active-duty tank battalions andsupporting units. That means adding between 8,000 and 12,000 more Marines to theservice's roster, another potentially expensive personnel plus-up dependent on asignificant influx of new funding. Using the fiscal 2017 personnel costs as abase, that could total more than $1 billion per year just in personnel costs,before equipment and training are factored in.But supporters say it's worth the cost."A Marine Corps of 36 battalions would enable an ability to handle a majorconflict and an ability to handle other taskings around the world, wherever thismay be," Dakota Wood, a retired Marine lieutenant colonel and senior fellow atthe Heritage Foundation.By getting larger, the service would also be able to give Marines more time athome between deployments, he said. Currently, 31,277 Marines are forwarddeployed, about 17 percent of the service's active-duty force, officials said.Traditionally, the Marine Corps has committed 15 battalions to conflicts such asVietnam and the Gulf War, Wood added."We say that the United States needs to have the ability to handle two wars,"Wood said. "Not that we're saying that we're going to be in two warssimultaneously, but if you only have a one-war force and you have to commit toit, that's everything."With reporting by Stephen Losey of Air Force Times, David Larter of Navy Times,Meghann Myers of Army Times and Jeff Schogol of Marine Corps Times.Leo Shane III covers Congress, Veterans Affairs and the White House for MilitaryTimes. He can be reached at lshane@militarytimes.comAndrew Tilghman is Military Times' Pentagon bureau chief. He can be reached atatilghman@militarytimes.com