WASHINGTON - President-elect Donald Trump is tapping a trio of nominees withdeep ties to Washington and Wall Street to fill out his Cabinet, includingformer Goldman Sachs executive Steven Mnuchin as treasury secretary.On Tuesday, Trump also chose Georgia Rep. Tom Price to oversee the Department ofHealth and Human Services, picking a fierce critic of President Barack Obama'shealth carelawwhohasalsochampioned efforts to privatize Medicare. And heselected another veteran Republican, Elaine Chao, to lead the Department ofTransportation.M nu c h i n' s o f f i c i a l announcement was expected as early as today,according to a person familiar with the decision who insisted on anonymity inorder to confirm the pick ahead of time.Mnuchin, 53, led Trump's finance operations during the presidential campaign andbecame close with the president-elect and his family. But he has no governmentexperience, which could prove a hurdle in navigating the tricky politics ofWashington.If confirmed by the Senate, Mnuchin would play a central role in shaping Trump'stax policies and infrastructure plans. He would also lead an agency tasked withimplementing international economic sanctions.Mnuchin is expected to be joined on Trump's senior economic team by anotherfinancier, Wilbur Ross. The billionaire investor isconsideredthe"kingofbankruptcy" for buying beaten-down companies with thepotential to deliver profits.TrumpspentmuchofTuesday in his Manhattan skyscraper, racing through meetingswith prospective administration hires as high-profile vacancies remain - nonebigger than secretary of state. He emerged in the evening for a private dinnerwith former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney, who is on the shortlist for thechief diplomat.A transition official said the president-elect and Vice President-elect MikePence will travel to Indiana Thursday for an event with Carrier,theairconditioningcompany. During the campaign, Trump repeatedly used the newsof Carrier's plans to move some business to Mexico as criticism of Democratictrade policies. Carrier late Tuesday tweeted, "We are pleased tohavereachedadealwithPresident-elect Trump & VP-elect Pence to keep close to1,000 jobs in Indy."Price, picked to lead the nation's health care system after more than a decadein Congress, helped craft Paul Ryan's plan to privatize Medicare - which Trumpopposed in the campaign.Price's selection raised questions about Trump's commitment to Medicare, amongother programs he repeatedly vowed to preserve before the election. The Georgiacongressman led GOP efforts to transform Medicare into a voucher system, achange that would dramatically reduce government spending on the program thatserves 57 million." C h a i r m a n P r i c e , a renowned physician, has earned a reputation forbeing a tireless problem solver and the go-to expert on health care policy,making him the ideal choice to serve in this capacity," Trump said. "He isexceptionally qualified to shepherd our commitment to repeal and replaceObamacare and bring affordable and accessible health care to every American."Trump, in a 2015 interview promoted on his campaign website, pledged not to cutprograms that Republicans have fought for years to cut. "I'm not going to cutSocial Security like every other Republican. And I'm not going to cut Medicareor Medicaid," Trump told the Daily Signal. He later changed his mind onMedicaid.Like Price, Elaine Chao is well-known in Washington. She was the firstAsian-American woman to serve in a president's Cabinet, as labor secretary underGeorge W. Bush.