MOSCOW -- After the outpouring of euphoria among Russia's political elite overthe victory of Donald J. Trump, President Vladimir V. Putin on Thursday gave amore measured response in his annual address to the nation, calling forcooperation but expressing misgivings over some of Mr. Trump's statements aboutnuclear weapons.The Russian leader appeared remarkably subdued at what was widely seen as amoment of triumph for him, with his popularity rising on a cresting wave ofanti-establishment and often pro-Russian populism in Europe and America.Speaking to an audience of political and economic barons in the ornate St.George's Hall of the Great Kremlin Palace, Mr. Putin praised his compatriots forrallying around ''patriotic values'' and, counterintuitively, for eschewing thelure of populism.He lamented that around the world, ''even in the most seemingly affluentcountries and stable regions, more and more fractures and conflicts onpolitical, ethnic, religious and social grounds are rising.''Those remarks had to surprise Western officials who have frequently accused theKremlin of stirring up and supporting precisely those anti-establishment forcesso as to sow disorder and weaken liberal democracies. Germany's foreignintelligence chief, Bruno Kahl, warned in an interview published on Tuesday thatRussia, seeking to create ''political uncertainty,'' was bombarding his countrywith disinformation before elections next year.Mr. Putin did not mention Mr. Trump by name, saying only that Russia wanted towork with the incoming administration ''to normalize and begin to developbilateral relations on an equal and mutually beneficial basis.''His comments largely reprised the message he gave Mr. Trump in a telephone callsoon after the Nov. 8 election, when both men agreed that something needed to bedone to improve ''the absolutely unsatisfactory state of bilateral relations.''In a departure from his speeches in recent years, Mr. Putin avoided sarcastic ordownright angry comments about the United States. But he also made clear thatRussia demanded to be treated as a global power, not the ''regional power'' thatMr. Obama described it as in 2014, infuriating Moscow.''We have a joint responsibility for the provision of international security andstability, for the strengthening of anti-proliferation regimes,'' Mr. Putinsaid, referring to efforts to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons.During the presidential campaign, Mr. Trump suggested that more countries shouldacquire nuclear weapons so that they can defend themselves without Washington'shelp. He also threatened to dismantle the international agreement that limitsIran's nuclear program.In another apparent reference to Mr. Trump's campaign statements on nuclearweapons policy, which included assertions that the American arsenal had ''fallenway behind'' Russia's and needed to catch up, Mr. Putin warned against anyattempt by Washington to disrupt what he called the balance of nuclear firepowerbetween the two countries.''I would like to emphasize that attempts to break strategic parity areextremely dangerous and can lead to a global catastrophe,'' Mr. Putin said.''This must not be forgotten for a single second.''Mr. Putin's mixing of pointed reminders of Russia's status as a nuclear powerwith a measured expression of hope for an end to the current deep chill inrelations with Washington contrasted sharply with the unalloyed glee expressedby many Russian politicians and commentators after Mr. Trump's election victory.In the run-up to the election, state-controlled news outlets cast HillaryClinton as a Russophobic hawk and warmonger while Mr. Trump was presented as thecandidate who would bring a new and sunny dawn to relations between Washingtonand Moscow.Syria and the importance of fighting Islamic extremism are areas in which Mr.Putin's interests and Mr. Trump's statements seem to coincide. Mr. Putin, whohas repeatedly accused the Obama administration of mollycoddling extremists,said the United States needed to focus on ''a real rather than dreamt-upthreat'' and join Russia in fighting international terrorism.The ''dreamt-up'' threat seemed to refer to fear in Washington and many Europeancapitals that Russia has become a menace to security since it seized Crimea fromUkraine in 2014 and supported pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine.Ignoring American efforts to destroy the Islamic State, Mr. Putin said theproblem of international terrorism ''is being solved by our servicemen inSyria,'' where Russian warplanes have helped President Bashar al-Assad regaincontrol of large sections of Aleppo, once Syria's biggest city, from rebels,some of whom are supported by the United States.A new foreign policy doctrine signed by Mr. Putin on Thursday underscored theproblems with Russia's relations with the West and set a high bar for any swifteasing of tensions. The doctrine, a summary of how Moscow sees the world andwhat it wants, stressed the gravity of ''the serious crisis between Russia andthe West'' and blamed this on ''geopolitical expansion'' by NATO and theEuropean Union. It said Russia and the United States could work together only onthe basis of ''equality, mutual respect for interests and noninterference in theinternal affairs of each other.''Insisting that Russia does ''not accept any attempts to organize pressure,either military, political, economic or of any other kind,'' the policy doctrinesaid Moscow ''reserves the right to react hard to unfriendly actions, includingthrough the strengthening of national defense and the taking of reciprocal orasymmetrical measures.''Most of Mr. Putin's hourlong speech, however, was devoted to domestic issues,not foreign relations. He acknowledged that two years of economic decline hadbrought great hardship but insisted this had only made the country stronger, andhe focused on sectors of the economy that he said have done well, likeagriculture and high-tech.While proposing no significant reforms to revive Russia's sluggish economy --which shrank by 3.7 percent last year and has contracted further this year,though at a much slower pace -- Mr. Putin said he had ordered the government towork out a ''substantive action plan'' to ensure that Russia achieves highergrowth rates than elsewhere by 2020 and elevates its position in the globaleconomy.Russia's economy ranks around 13th in the world, on the basis of its grossdomestic product, behind countries like Australia, Canada and South KoreaWhat shape such an economic development plan might take has been the object ofbitter feuding between more liberal members of the government, who favorprivatization, and those who want the state to keep control of crucialindustries. The liberal camp suffered a major setback earlier this month withthe late-night arrest on murky corruption charges of one of the country's maineconomic policy makers, Aleksei Ulyukaev, a liberal stalwart who had serveduntil his arrest as minister of economic development.Mr. Putin said parliamentary elections in Russia in September, which delivered aresounding victory to his United Russia party, had ''proven that we live in ahealthy society that is confident in its fair demands, in which immunity topopulism and demagoguery is growing stronger and the importance of mutualsupport, solidarity and unity are highly valued.''URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/01/world/europe/vladimir-putin-us-russia.html