TEHRAN, Iran - Trump had sharp words for Iran during his presidential campaign.He promised to revisit or even tear up the deal over Iran's nuclear weaponsprogram. Any Iranian vessels that harass the U.S. Navy in the Persian Gulf, hesaid, should be "shot out of the water."But Iranian leaders appear to see reasons for hope in a Trump presidency.For hard-liners in the Islamic Republic, Trump has bolstered their refrain thatthe United States, whatever agreements it signs with Iran, is not to be trusted- a boost to their voice in domestic politics.Meanwhile, moderate President Hassan Rouhani and his allies are playing downconcerns over Trump's rhetoric. Some quietly express optimism that Trump  wouldbe open to negotiations in other areas dividing Washington and Tehran.A Trump administration could be helpful in advancing Iran's road map to apolitical solution in Syria, some Iranian analysts suggest."President Rouhani is adapting his government to the new president-elect, andeverybody here is betting on the flexibility of President Trump when he beginssteering America in January," said Nader Karimi Juni, an independent politicalanalyst.As a candidate, Trump frequently denounced the nuclear deal struck between Iranand six world powers, including the United States, in 2015.The agreement, which went into effect in January, was a signature foreign policyachievement of the Obama administration. Under its terms, Iran agreed tosignificant restrictions on its nuclear program - which Western officials fearedcould be used to produce a bomb, though Tehran says it is only for civilianpurposes.The deal called for easing of economic sanctions against Iran, though some U.S.sanctions remain in place targeting Iran's support for militant groups and itsballistic missile program.Trump termed the deal "disastrous," saying it conceded too much to Iran. He saidit would be one of the first things he would renegotiate as president. Iran hasshown no willingness to reopen talks on an agreement that has reduced itsdiplomatic isolation and opened the way to fresh foreign investment, although ithas failed to bring  the sweeping economic improvements Rouhani promised.In Washington, the  House has voted  to bar the sale or lease of more than 200Boeing and Airbus commercial aircraft to Iran, a move that would scuttle dealsalready authorized by the Obama administration and potentially worth billions ofdollars.By a 243-174 vote Thursday, lawmakers passed legislation that would prohibit theTreasury Department from issuing the licenses U.S. banks would need to completethe transactions.The bill must now clear the Senate, where the measure would face stiffopposition from Democrats. President Barack Obama would veto the bill if itreached his desk, according to the White House.The man who will replace Obama, meanwhile, has drawn criticism in Iran forsaying that Iranian ships that provoked the U.S. would be "shot out of thewater," a reference to Iran's brief detention of 10 American sailors who veeredinto Iranian waters in January.