By Carrie SeverinoAmericans are frustrated with their government today. Many don't believepoliticians do what they say. In these turbulent times, however, Utahns can beproud of Sen. Orrin Hatch, whose leadership in the federal judicial appointmentprocess has been truly outstanding. Indeed, all Americans owe Hatch and the restof the Republican leadership a debt of gratitude for their leading role indefending the Supreme Court and the Constitution.Hatch was first elected in 1976, just as the public began to realize howcompletely the federal judiciary had asserted control over our lives, ourliberty and our country. A few years later Hatch became a stalwart ally ofPresident Ronald Reagan's efforts to appoint judges who interpret the lawsinstead of making them, and he has been an important contributor ever since.Hatch's leadership became especially important this year, when the untimelydeath of Justice Antonin Scalia left a gaping hole on the highest court in theland. Finding a suitable replacement for Scalia would have been a difficult taskin any year, but this year Hatch had a strategic position from which to protecthis legacy. Indeed, by the time the vacancy arose, Hatch had been advocating inthe Senate for Scalia's principles longer than Scalia had been on the bench.Scalia knew - as do most Americans - that judges are supposed to interpret andapply the law, not make it up as they go along. This role ensures that theAmerican people and their elected representatives, not federal judges, areresponsible for the nation's future.So when Scalia died in February, Hatch and the Republican leadership insistedthat the resulting vacancy be filled in the right way at the right time. Manyassumed the Senate had to confirm a replacement quickly, regardless of thestakes or timing. But fortunately, Hatch's broad experience and perspectivesuggested a different course, and Hatch used his considerable skills as anadvocate to pursue it.He began by taking to the Senate floor and the airwaves to explain why the nextpresident should fill the Scalia vacancy. First, he said, the Senate had alreadyhandled Supreme Court nominations at least a dozen different ways. He remindedeveryone that in 1992, then-Sen. Joe Biden (the chair of the JudiciaryCommittee) advised President George H.W. Bush not to fill any vacancy before theelection. Like Biden before him, Hatch had concluded that properly considering aSupreme Court nominee would be impossible in the middle of a presidentialcampaign.Second, Hatch argued, elections have consequences. The future of the SupremeCourt had already become an important issue in the presidential election, andAmerica would soon be electing a new president. The leading candidates werelikely to nominate very different justices with very different judicialphilosophies. The timing of the Scalia vacancy, therefore, created a uniqueopportunity for the American people to make their voice known through theelection.In hindsight, it is obvious Hatch was right on both counts. As Scalia onceargued, the Supreme Court's eagerness to control nearly every aspect of Americanlife turns every judicial nomination into a "hot potato," since each new nomineemight be the deciding vote that changes how the Constitution is interpreted andunderstood. And fighting such battles during what would become an unusuallyheated presidential campaign would have made the confirmation process less, notmore, fair.Hatch and the Republicans gave the American people a special opportunity to beheard on this issue. They spoke unequivocally. The percentage of voters for whomSupreme Court appointments were the most important factor tripled from 2008, andmore than two-thirds of voters said the Supreme Court was an important factor intheir decision.Like principled leaders do, Hatch took some criticism for his position. Unlikehis critics, though, he was looking beyond a single election cycle. And he hadto consider the long-term integrity of the judicial branch, not just aparticular nominee for a particular vacancy. His courageous actions this yearhelped preserve the right of the American people to decide who fills the Scaliavacancy. Our liberty, the courts and the Constitution itself are now safer.Thank you, Sen. Hatch.Carrie Severino, a former law clerk for U.S. Supreme Court Justice ClarenceThomas, is chief counsel of the Judicial Crisis Network.LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHPUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper