IT seems President-elect Donald Trump can't get enough of Twitter, which isunfortunate for him. He needs to give his phone a rest.Trump used 140-characterblasts throughout his campaign to criticize others in the Republican primaryfield, and later to regularly bounce Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. He alsoused Twitter to take shots at people who weren't running for office, such as theparents of a fallen U.S. Army captain of Muslim descent, a judge who wasinvolved in a Trump-related lawsuit, and - in a series of tweets famously sentin the middle of the night - a former Miss Universe who had been cited byClinton during a debate.Trump is at it again, this time taking to theTwitterverse on Sunday to criticize potential election recounts in three statesthat are being sought by - and will be paid for by - independent presidentialcandidate Jill Stein.It would have been one thing for Trump to simply criticizeStein's effort, which is highly unlikely to change anything about the election.Instead, he tweeted: "In addition to winning the Electoral College in alandslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who votedillegally."The first part of that statement is a stretch, to put it mildly. AsJohn J. Pitney, professor of politics at Claremont McKenna College, noted,Trump's 56.97 percent of the Electoral College votes puts his haul 46th out ofthe 58 elections since George Washington's time.The back half of Trump's Tweetis especially troubling, however. To claim, without a shred of evidence to backit up, that millions of people cast ballots illegally is irresponsible. It'scertainly not what you would expect to hear from the person who won theelection.Trump's communications director, when asked for evidence of Trump'sclaims, cited a 2014 Washington Post study on noncitizen voting and a 2012 studyby Pew Research on subpar voter registration files. As Nate Cohn of The New YorkTimes' Upshot blog noted, "Both were conducted well in advance of the election,and neither supports anything like what Mr. Trump has suggested."Trump assertedin another tweet Sunday: "Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire andCalifornia - so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias - bigproblem!"Perhaps the media isn't reporting on it because widespread problemshave not been substantiated. Election board officials in all three states haveflatly rejected Trump's claims. California's secretary of state called theallegations "absurd" and said they were "inappropriate and unbecoming of apresident-elect."He's right. Recall that Trump basically stayed off Twitter inthe final weeks of the campaign. We believe that helped him close the gap andeventually overtake Clinton. Whichever member of his team guided that decisionneeds to get Trump's ear again. The president-elect of the United States shouldhave more important, and more responsible, things to do with his time than tosecond-guess an election he won.