Just two weeks ago, President-elect Donald Trump appeared poised to assemble aCabinet as unconventional as he is, drawing heavily from a band of quirkyloyalists that included several from the fringes of the Republican Party.But as he moves rapidly toward assembling his roster of top advisers, Trumpinstead is pulling together a more orthodox GOP team than many expected,including a defense secretary nominee, retired Marine Gen. James Mattis, who hasreceived solid marks from the party establishment ahead of his formal unveilingMonday.The emerging Cabinet has gone a long way toward mollifying some of Trump'sRepublican critics, and several of the picks - including the wife of the Senatemajority leader as transportation secretary - are tailor-made to encouragecooperation between the administration and GOP leaders on Capitol Hill. Theincoming team is preparing not only to implement longtime Republicans goals -such as repealing the Affordable Care Act and cutting taxes - but also to pushfor Trump's iconoclastic and controversial campaign promises on issues such as aborder wall and trade.But the group and the president-elect are also fraught with conflicting viewsover key issues including Iran policy, Medicare and immigration, raising therisk of infighting and fractiousness within the administration and withCongress.Several of Trump's early personnel picks were "more directly in your face, whileothers that have come forward since then are decidedly less so," said Thomas E.Mann, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution think tank in Washington. "Atthis point, I would say the Republican establishment that was so attacked byTrump during the campaign is doing pretty well in shaping his administration."Trump, who cast himself as a hard-edged populist during the campaign, is alsomoving faster in the pace of announcing his picks, compared with recentpredecessors.The biggest test of Trump's interest in broadening his inner circle still looms,with his choice of a secretary of state, one of the most important posts in anyadministration. Aides have publicly identified four finalists for the job,including 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney.If Trump gives the nod to Romney, long one of his fiercest Republican critics,it would send a reassuring signal to the party's moderate wing and to thenation's foreign policy establishment - a need seen as all the more urgent afterTrump caused a diplomatic uproar when he broke decades of precedent Friday byspeaking directly with the president of Taiwan.But the prospect of picking Romney - who called Trump a "con man" and a "phony"during the campaign - has already sparked strong objections from some of Trump'sdie-hard supporters.Richard Viguerie, a longtime conservative activist, said that he, like manyothers, considers a potential Romney appointment a mistake but can understandTrump's thinking."He knows he cannot fight two wars at the same time," Viguerie said. "He can'tfight the Democrats and the establishment Republicans. They're still a bigpresence in Congress, and he probably wants to make nice with them."Several of Trump's more recent choices appear to have the imprint of Mike Pence,the vice president-elect. The Indiana governor and former House member iswell-regarded by the party's conservative wing but has also served as a bridgeto the party establishment.Trump turned to some of his staunchest and most controversial allies for hisearliest White House picks, including former campaign chief executive Stephen K.Bannon, the former Breitbart News executive, as his senior counselor. RetiredLt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn, who during the campaign led "lock her up" chantsdirected at Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, was named national securityadviser.Trump's choice of Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) as attorney general also seemed inno small part a reward for his loyalty during the tumultuous campaign.Since then, however, Trump has shown a willingness to put rivals and othersoutside his orbit in key slots. South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley (R), whoendorsed two of Trump's rivals at various points in the Republican primaries,was named as his choice to become the ambassador to the United Nations.And on Friday, Trump met in New York with Sen. Heidi Heitkamp (D-N.D.), who leftthe door open to joining the Republican administration. Another Democrat, Sen.Joe Manchin III (D-W.Va.) is also being eyed by the Trump team for a possiblejob.Other recent picks by Trump may be unconventional in some respects - they wouldbe hard to imagine in the Cabinet of Jeb Bush or John Kasich, two of his primaryrivals - but bring familiar credentials to the posts they have been asked tofill.For Treasury secretary, Trump tapped Steven Mnuchin, a loyalist who served asfinance chairman of his campaign. Mnuchin comes from a conventional place forrecent Treasury secretaries of both parties: He spent 17 years at the WallStreet firm Goldman Sachs.Likewise, Trump rewarded campaign booster Wilbur Ross with his nod to becommerce secretary. Like many others before him, Ross is a successfulbusinessman; in his case, though, he is known for his investments in distressedindustries.For transportation secretary, Trump tapped someone as establishment as they comein Washington: Elaine Chao, who served as labor secretary under President GeorgeW. Bush and held other posts in previous Republican administrations. She alsohappens to be the wife of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), arelationship that certainly cannot hurt Trump's promised effort to push a $1trillion infrastructure plan through Congress early in his tenure.Many of Trump's choices will arrive with a history of toiling toward long-heldRepublican objectives that Trump embraced during his campaign.Rep. Tom Price (R-Ga.), whom Trump reached outside of his immediate orbit to tapas health and human services secretary, is among the leading critics of theAffordable Care Act, the signature achievement of President Obama thatRepublicans have been seeking to dismantle since its enactment in 2010.Betsy DeVos, the Michigan billionaire and conservative activist who Trumpnominated for education secretary, has spent years pushing to expand voucherprograms in several states that give families taxpayer dollars to pay forprivate and religious schools - objectives simpatico with Trump's call on thecampaign trail to expand school choice.And Sessions has established himself as one of Capitol Hill's harshest criticsof illegal immigration, a credential that should bolster the work of a candidatewho advocated deporting millions of undocumented workers and building anextensive wall along the U.S.-Mexico border.Rep. Chris Collins (R-N.Y.), an early Trump supporter who is serving as thetransition team's liaison to Congress, said the Cabinet that Trump is building"absolutely" signals that the president-elect will try to move swiftly on theagenda that he talked about on the campaign trail."The people being picked to run the departments with jurisdiction over thoseissues, I think, are in 90-plus percent lockstep with his positions," Collinssaid.Still, taken as a whole, Trump's emerging team is far more diverse - inRepublican terms - than many speculated in the immediate aftermath of a campaignin which he surrounded himself with GOP has-beens such as former New York mayorRudolph W. Giuliani and former House speaker Newt Gingrich.While Giuliani remains a finalist for secretary of state, the prospects for bothmen to hold sway in Trump's Cabinet seem to have faded."I think Giuliani and Gingrich are just loose fruits right now," said DouglasBrinkley, a presidential historian at Rice University. "No one knows where toput them."With the choices he has made so far, Trump has pleased or at least calmed someof his chief Republican critics during the campaign.Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.), who was a vocal critic of Trump during the campaign,noted positively that Trump has added former detractors to his team, includingHaley for the U.N. post."We're still not done. Still got some to go. But I've been pleased with some ofthem," Flake said.That view was echoed by Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine), who announced in Augustthat she would not vote for Trump or Clinton. "I think he's made some goodappointments," she said.And Sen. Lindsey O. Graham (R-S.C.), who continued to criticize Trump afterending his own GOP presidential bid, took to Twitter to praise the choice ofMattis as defense secretary, saying he would "provide great leadership."None of which is to say that governing will be easy for Trump - even with hisparty holding both the White House and Congress. Several stress points seemcertain to surface between the populist president and more traditionalRepublican members of Congress, assuming Trump keeps his word on some keypromises.The GOP takeover of the White House, for instance, has emboldened HouseRepublicans to pursue an agenda that includes privatizing parts of Medicare, thepopular program for senior citizens. It is uncertain how that will square withTrump's rhetoric as a candidate who sought to distinguish himself from otherRepublicans by pledging to leave Medicare and some other safety-net programsuntouched.While Trump and congressional Republicans share a goal of repealing Obamacare,there has been less agreement over what exactly to replace it with. Trump hasonly promised something better.Trump could also face resistance on his immigration plans from some Republicanswho argue that overreaching will prove costly at the ballot box among Latinos, arapidly growing segment of the electorate that the party cannot afford to writeoff.And there are bound to be tensions on trade, where Trump's views are far moreisolationist than what his party has long advocated.In some cases, Trump's nominees hold positions directly contrary to his. Mattis,for example, recently told Trump that he does not believe in the effectivenessof waterboarding, one of the "tough" interrogation techniques thepresident-elect has vowed to reinstate.Mattis favors working with allies to enforce the Iran nuclear deal, which Trumphas vowed to tear up. The defense secretary nominee also reportedly has toldcolleagues that he understands the relationship between global security andclimate change, a phenomenon Trump has said he wants to address far lessaggressively than the current administration.Timothy Naftali, a presidential historian, said that he sees numerous tensionpoints ahead, spawned from what he called "a marriage of convenience" betweenthe president-elect and other leaders of the Republican Party."It's not clear what kind of arrangement this marriage is going to need to keepgoing," Naftali said, arguing that making campaign promises a reality will bemuch tougher for Trump than continuing to tout them at campaign-style rallies,such as the one he held in Cincinnati on Thursday."He can go out on the hustings and have great big rallies, and then he still hasto come back to Washington and make sausage," Naftali said.john.wagner@washpost.comsean.sullivan@washpost.com