WASHINGTON - White nationalists from around the country gathered Saturday indowntown Washington to bask in Donald Trump's victory and celebrate what manyproclaimed as a coming-out moment in their mission to turn back multiculturalismand eventually create a whites-only "ethno-state" in North America."There's an energy in this city that I've never felt before," said GeraldMartin, 64, a retired teacher from Dallas who was one of nearly 275 attendees ofthe annual conference put on by the National Policy Institute, whose president,Richard Spencer, coined the term alt-right and is a vocal proponent of what Mr.Spencer refers to as "white identity."But they met fierce resistance during their two-day gathering, with protestersdisrupting an NPI dinner Friday and crowding the pavement outside the conferenceSaturday. TRUMP ADVISER CRITICIZEDKen Blackwell, tapped last week by President-elect Donald Trump to head domesticpolicy during the businessman's transition to the White House, has madeanti-LGBT statements for years. Among them: Homosexuality is a sin, and gaypeople can be rehabilitated.The former Cincinnati mayor has long endorsed a controversial mental healthpractice known as conversion therapy or reparative therapy. The goal is to curea person of his or her homosexuality, and in the case of transgender people, toreaffirm the gender into which they were born.In the past, treatments have included everything from inducing vomiting to usingmild electric shock while patients viewed homoerotic images. Since the 1990s,however, the therapy has been denounced by many medical and scientific societiesand even outlawed in a handful of states. In 2015, the Obama administrationexpressed disapproval of the practice.While Mr. Blackwell will be overseeing a wide swath of domestic issues facingthe new administration, one big question facing the LGBT community is whether aTrump administration will promote the discredited therapy. VILSACK WARNSDEMOCRATSWASHINGTON -- Agriculture Secretary and former Iowa Gov. Tom Vilsack has amessage for Democrats: Don't take the rural vote for granted."If the Democrats are interested in winning statewide races, winningpresidential races, winning gubernatorial races, winning congressional seats,they can't get crushed in rural areas," Mr. Vilsack said in an interview. "Andwhat's really frustrating is, they've got a pretty good message, if theydelivered it."Mr. Vilsack's ties with Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton made hima finalist for her vice presidential pick this year, although she ultimatelyselected Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia. ATMS DEPOSIT MICROBESWhenever you withdraw money from an automated teller machine, the ATM depositsmicrobes onto you.Researchers in New York City swabbed the keypads of 66 ATMs. They found thatATMs are mostly covered in microbes from human skin, similar to the ones foundin bathrooms, on pillowcases and on televisions.LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHPUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper