Noah Oppenheim, the senior vp in charge of Today, says the 48 hours after audioleaked in October of Donald Trump bragging about groping women to Billy Bushwere a "whirlwind." Reflecting for the first time on the scandal that led Bush,45, to exit the network, but did not prevent Trump from beating Hillary Clinton,Oppenheim describes the atmosphere as Bush became embroiled in one of thecampaign's biggest bombshells."There wasn't an opportunity to catch our breath and say, 'What does this meanfor our anchor?' " Oppenheim tells THR's Kim Masters in an upcoming episode ofher KCRW radio show The Business. "It was all moving so quickly that I don'tthink there was ever a fully formed review of the ripple effects it was going tohave."Read more: Michael Wolff on Billy Bush and How the Media Wrung Trump Dry BeforeToppling HimNBC was criticized for initially saying Bush would be back on the 9 a.m. hour ofToday before reversing course and suspending him after negative reaction grew tothe 2005 Access Hollywood tape. Bush never returned to the show, negotiating arich buyout of his three-year contract.Oppenheim notes it was hard to consider Bush's role as the crisis was unfolding."The weight of that tape - and the impact it was clear that was going to have onthe presidential election and the complexity of bringing it to light - was farmore front and center than the sort of personnel ramifications for usinternally," he says.Bush's reputation was further injured when, in the wake of the leaked tape,several publicists came forward about their own past negative experiences.Publicist Marcel Pariseau accused Bush of "rude and lewd" conduct and publicistBumble Ward wrote on Facebook about Bush's past "dismissive" behavior. Oppenheimdenied experiencing any such issues during Bush's short tenure at the morningshow."I can honestly say that no one ever relayed that to me," Oppenheim says. "Andin the months that he worked on our show, no one ever pulled a booking oravoided a booking because of it that I was aware of."The search for Bush's replacement continues, Oppenheim says, as does the effortto prevent another similar mess: "We understand the challenge."A version of this story first appeared in the Dec. 2 issue of The HollywoodReporter magazine. To receive the magazine, click here to subscribe.