LOS ANGELES - U.S. workers from fast-food chains and nearly 20 airports stagedsit-ins and some were arrested in nationwide protests for higher pay, unionrights and immigration reform on Tuesday, their first major action sincebusinessman Donald Trump won the presidential election.McDonald's Corp. restaurants in 340 cities were prime rally targets, whilebaggage handlers and cabin cleaners at Chicago's O'Hare and Boston's Loganinternational airports were due to demonstrate in support of workers demandingstarting pay of $15 per hour, organizers of the "Fight for $15" campaign said.More than 200 protesters gathered before dawn at Zuccotti Park in New YorkCity's Financial District, the site of a camp set up in 2011 by Occupy WallStreet demonstrators, where they banged drums and chanted slogans calling for a$15 minimum wage.About a dozen protesters were arrested after they blocked morning rush-hourtraffic in the street near a McDonald's restaurant."When we started demanding $15 ... people thought we were crazy, but we werejust demanding the basic minimum to survive," said protestor Alvin Major, 50, aGuyanese immigrant who lives in Brooklyn and works at a KFC restaurant."Right now I can barely pay my bills," said Major, who has four children and asick wife.Some 34 people were arrested in Cambridge, Mass., when they blocked trafficfollowing a march that began at a McDonald's restaurant, the city's policedepartment said on Twitter. The march, which drew about 100 people, wasotherwise peaceful, police said.Home health and child care providers, and some drivers for ride service UberTechnologies Inc were planning to join the action, which is backed by theService Employees International Union.Last year Trump said U.S. workers' wages were "too high" and made the nationuncompetitive, but this year, he has said the minimum wage should rise, withstates taking the lead.Hopes of an increase in the $7.25-per-hour federal minimum wage were dashedearlier in November by the election of a Republican-controlled Congress, butadvocates say they will continue to press for increases at state and locallevels."We've already run a path to $15 (per hour) in states like California and NewYork, and we're not stopping now," said LiAnne Flakes, a 40-year-old child careworker from Tampa, Fla., who said she planned to protest.Voters in Arizona, Colorado, Maine and Washington raised their state minimumwages in November, and labor groups are considering campaigns in statesincluding New Jersey, Pennsylvania and New Mexico.Hector Figueroa, president of 32BJ SEIU in New York, said Trump won the electionby promising jobs for voters who were not able to see a way toward success forthemselves or their children."There is no question to us that this is a moment that working people need totake action, mobilize, organize, and that (Trump) needs to be held accountablefor his promises," Figueroa said.Protest organizers have also criticized Trump's pledge to deport up to 3 millionundocumented workers with criminal records, as well as his treatment of womenand Muslims.McDonald's said in a statement that it invested in its workers by helping themto earn degrees and on-the-job skills. Franchisees, which own most U.S.fast-food restaurants, set wages for their employees. - ReutersST. LOUIS - St. Louis police arrested nearly 30 people Tuesday evening outsidethe McDonald's restaurant on Hampton Avenue near Interstate 44 as part of anational day of protests for a $15 minimum wage.Police Chief Sam Dotson had warned protesters they would be arrested forblocking the street.At 5:30 p.m. about 200 protesters began marching around the McDonald's beforepeople willing to be arrested broke off to sit in the street."Folks are trying to survive on $7.65 an hour; that's just simply not enough,"said a clergyman who joined those who were arrested.Dotson said earlier in the day that the city supports a wage increase and thereare laws already in place to address the issue."Our city is one of the most progressive cities in the state," Dotson said. "Wealready passed laws to increase the minimum wage, so why are you impactingfamilies trying to get home to get their kids to sporting events in a communitythat's already heard and agrees with your message?"My job is to make sure those groups have the opportunity to their have messageheard ... but this will require resources to open traffic on Hampton Avenue, andthose resources are better spent in neighborhoods, not dealing with protests forsomething our community has already said 'Yes' to."But Betty Douglas, 59, said the $7.90 she makes at the McDonald's on Hampton isnot enough to care for her family, which includes a 16-year-old son with autism."They just can't walk over us," Douglas told the crowd.Douglas said she has worked nearly every position at the McDonald's over thelast nine years and has gotten a raise of only 65 cents an hour in that time.She said her boss at McDonald's doesn't like that she participated in the march."They're angry with me," she said. "I'm angry too."Earlier Tuesday, protesters shut down the McDonald's in downtown St. Louisduring morning rush hour.Police stood by as the 100 or so protesters marched, chanted and held signsoutside the restaurant at 1119 North Tucker Boulevard. Managers had closed thedining area, and protesters blocked the drive-through for about a half-hourstarting at 7 a.m. No one was arrested.They swarmed the window, chanting at the workers inside: "Come on out, we've gotyour back."The "Fight for $15" rally marks four years since a group of workers walked outof their fast-food jobs in New York City, sparking a movement. The federalminimum hourly wage is $7.25, although there are higher minimums in some states.Missouri, for example, is now at $7.65 an hour minimum wage but will increase itto $7.70 next year.There were similar protests planned for 340 cities Tuesday morning, including inNew York where more than two dozen protesters were arrested after they linkedarms and blocked morning rush-hour traffic, according to news reports.Frances Holmes, 53, of St. Louis, said Tuesday's effort was her fifth strike inrecent years. She said she works at a Webster Groves fast-food restaurant,making $9 an hour. She was one of three people on her morning shift who skippedwork to protest.Holmes took glee in seeing the protesters block the drive-through lanes andforce the restaurant to close its dining room."That let them feel what we feel, no money coming in," she said.Holmes, who used to work at the restaurant on Tucker, estimated the store wouldlose $1,000 an hour during the shutdown.Javen Goode, 18, was among the protesters. Goode lives in Florissant with hismother. He makes $8 an hour at Subway."(Fifteen dollars) an hour would give me a chance to move out," said Goode, whodreams of moving to California and designing computer games.In a statement, McDonald's spokesperson Terri Hickey said, "We take seriouslyour role in helping strengthen communities as we and our franchisees separatelyemploy hundreds of thousands of people, providing many with their very firstjob."Hickey added that the company offers its workers the opportunity to developskills they can use to build careers beyond fast food. The company invests inArchways to Opportunity, programs that provide tuition assistance.LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHGRAPHIC:  A demonstration of about 200 people calling for a higher minimum wageblocks rush hour traffic in the 1400 block of Hampton Avenue on Tuesday, Nov.29, 2016, in St. Louis. Several dozen people were arrested. Photo by ChristianGooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com  Jahbari Morris, a Taco Bell employee, repeatsa chant during a minimum wage demonstration in the parking lot of a McDonald'sin the 1400 block of Hampton Avenue in St. Louis on Tuesday, Nov. 29, 2016.Several hundred protesters subsequently shut down down Hampton for about 25minutes during rush hour and several dozen people were arrested. Photo byChristian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com  Frances Holmes is led away bypolice as several dozen protesters are arrested during a minimum wagedemonstration in the 1400 block of Hampton Avenue in St. Louis. Several hundredprotesters shut down the street for about 25 minutes during rush hour. Photo byChristian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com  Yalanda Morris, 26, of St. Louis,an employee at Steak 'n Shake, joins a group of mostly fast food workers inprotest outside McDonald's on 1119 North Tucker Boulevard in St. Louis, askingfor a raise in the minimum wage to $15 an hour on Tuesday, Nov. 29, 2016. Photoby Cristina M. Fletes, cfletes@post-dispatch.com  Desmond Settles, 2, joins mom,Dearia Grice, an employee at Wendy's and Hardees, and a group of mostly fastfood workers in a protest outside McDonald's on 1119 North Tucker Boulevard inSt. Louis asking for a raise in the minimum wage to $15 an hour on Tuesday, Nov.29, 2016. Photo by Cristina M. Fletes, cfletes@post-dispatch.com  James Jones,33, of St. Louis, leads a group of mostly fast food workers in chants during anact of civil disobedience outside McDonald's on 1119 North Tucker Boulevard inSt. Louis as workers ask for a raise in the minimum wage to $15 an hour onTuesday, Nov. 29, 2016. Photo by Cristina M. Fletes, cfletes@post-dispatch.comA protester glances inside the drive thru window of McDonald's on 1119 NorthTucker Boulevard in St. Louis, as a group of mostly fast food workers engaged incivil disobedience to ask for a raise in the minimum wage to $15 an hour onTuesday, Nov. 29, 2016. Photo by Cristina M. Fletes, cfletes@post-dispatch.comA group of mostly fast food workers engage in civil disobedience outsideMcDonald's on 1119 North Tucker Boulevard in St. Louis, asking for a raise inthe minimum wage to $15 an hour on Tuesday, Nov. 29, 2016. Photo by Cristina M.Fletes, cfletes@post-dispatch.com  Timothy Owens (far right), 31, of Wellston,an employee at McDonald's, joins a group of mostly fast food workers in protestoutside McDonald's on 1119 North Tucker Boulevard in St. Louis, asking for araise in the minimum wage to $15 an hour on Tuesday, Nov. 29, 2016. Photo byCristina M. Fletes, cfletes@post-dispatch.comPUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper