President-elect Donald Trump named Cabinet picks Wednesday who would bring somegender and racial diversity to his administration, as well as a degree ofpolitical independence, but raised questions about his pledge to seek experiencein choosing stewards of vast government bureaucracies.Trump's picks for United Nations ambassador, Republican Gov. Nikki Haley ofSouth Carolina, and for Education secretary, Betsy DeVos, a billionaire advocateof school vouchers, were the first two women named in a transition that had beendominated by white, male Trump loyalists.Haley is the daughter of Indian immigrants. Dr. Ben Carson, who is black, alsosaid Wednesday that he was under serious consideration to serve as secretary ofHousing and Urban Development.The latest selections also offer some political diversity and could buffer Trumpfrom criticism that he was filling out the top echelon of his administrationexclusively with people who had backed his campaign.Haley was openly critical of Trump during the Republican primary, endorsing twoof his opponents before finally standing alongside the eventual nominee. DeVoswas less outspoken in her reservations but contributed to at least two ofTrump's rivals and went into the summer nominating convention telling theDetroit News she wasn't sure whether to back him.Both are stalwarts of the Republican Party establishment that Trump sovigorously challenged.But Haley and Carson, if he is chosen, would seem to contradict Trump'sstatement a day earlier, in an interview with the New York Times, that he valuedexpertise in stocking his administration."We're trying very hard to get the best people -- not necessarily people thatwill be the most politically correct people, because that hasn't been working,"Trump had said. "So we have really experts in the field. Some are known and someare not known, but they're known within their field as being the best. That'svery important to me."A popular and engaging governor and a rising star in the GOP, Haley, 44, haslittle background in foreign affairs. Carson, 65, is a retired neurosurgeonwhose primary credential in housing policy may be that he once lived in tenementhousing.Days ago, a senior advisor to Carson said the former GOP presidential candidatethought he lacked the background needed to manage a federal agency.Carson didn't want to take a position that could "cripple the presidency,"Armstrong Williams, an advisor to both Trump and Carson, told the Hillnewspaper. HUD is responsible for administering low-income housing assistance,fair-housing laws, housing development and aid to neighborhoods in distress.On Wednesday, however, Carson indicated a change of heart. "After seriousdiscussions with the Trump transition team, I feel that I can make a significantcontribution, particularly to making our inner cities great for everyone," hesaid on Facebook. "An announcement is forthcoming about my role in helping tomake America great again."DeVos, 58, does have long experience in education policy, advocating forconservative goals and tangling with teacher unions.She and her family -- her father-in-law cofounded Amway and has a fortune Forbesestimated at $5 billion -- are among the biggest donors to the Republican Partyand to conservative Christian causes, including opposition to same-sex marriage.She is also former chairwoman of the Michigan Republican Party."Betsy DeVos is a brilliant and passionate education advocate," Trump said in astatement. "Under her leadership, we will reform the U.S. education system andbreak the bureaucracy that is holding our children back so that we can deliverworld-class education and school choice to all families."DeVos moved quickly Wednesday to reassure conservatives on one issue -- theCommon Core curriculum standards. She has been an ally of Republican former Gov.Jeb Bush of Florida, who supports Common Core. "Many of you are asking aboutCommon Core," she wrote on Twitter. "To clarify, I am not a supporter --period."Her selection suggests Trump may make a priority of backing vouchers -- alongtime conservative goal that he endorsed during the campaign. Voucherprograms give tax funds to parents that they can use to pay for private orparochial schools if they find their public schools unsatisfactory. DeVos hasbeen a leading advocate of their use."The status quo in education is not acceptable," DeVos said in a statement."Together, we can work to make transformational change that ensures everystudent in America has the opportunity to fulfill his or her highest potential."Teacher unions, which intensely oppose vouchers, denounced the selection ofDeVos."Trump makes it loud and clear that his education policy will focus onprivatizing, defunding and destroying public education in America," said RandiWeingarten, president of the American Federation of Teachers. "The sum total ofher involvement has been spending her family's wealth in an effort to dismantlepublic education in Michigan."The selection of Haley represented a nod by Trump to more moderate forces in theGOP, especially in the realm of global diplomacy.A Trump aide defended Haley's credentials, saying she had improved the SouthCarolina economy while engaging in overseas trade and recruitment travel.The move also would give a promotion to one of Trump's early supporters, SouthCarolina Lt. Gov. Henry McMaster, who would move into Haley's job. For Haley,the U.N. post could provide a useful credential if she wants to seek higheroffice, much as it did for George H.W. Bush, who served as U.N. ambassador inthe early 1970s.The announcement of Haley's selection was somewhat unusual because Trump has notyet announced a secretary of State, the U.N. ambassador's nominal boss.Aides say he is looking closely at former Gov. Mitt Romney of Massachusetts, asharp critic of Trump during the campaign.Some conservatives have attacked that possibility. Former Gov. Mike Huckabee ofArkansas said Wednesday that choosing Romney would be a "big insult" to Trump'svoters.Trump is also considering one of his most loyal backers, former New York MayorRudolph W. Giuliani. A Trump aide says the president-elect is spending"significant time" deciding.The selection is likely to be top of mind as Trump gathers with family at hisMar-a-Lago resort in Florida for the Thanksgiving holiday.--christi.parsons@latimes.comtracy.wilkinson@latimes.comTimes staff writer Joy Resmovits in Los Angeles contributed to this report.