MILWAUKEE - As Donald Trump lashed out via Twitter at Hillary Clinton Sundayover her campaign's decision to join the recount process in Wisconsin, stateelection officials announced that a recount will probably start Thursday.At a meeting this morning, Wisconsin Elections Commission staff will ask thecommission to approve a schedule that would start the recount in all 72 countieson Thursday. Under federal law, any presidential election disputes must beresolved within 35 days of Election Day.The Clinton campaign announced Saturday that it would participate in theWisconsin recount sought by Green Party candidate Jill Stein, and might joinStein-backed efforts in Michigan and Pennsylvania.While Clinton officials said they have seen no evidence of vote tampering, anddo not expect the results in any state to change, they believe their campaignmust be represented during any recount.Trump beat Clinton by 22,000 votes in Wisconsin. No Republican presidentialcandidate had won the state since 1984.In a memorandum issued with today's meeting notice, Wisconsin ElectionsCommission Interim Administrator Michael Haas and Elections Supervisor Ross Heinoutlined a very tight schedule to meet the Dec. 13 deadline."It will be a significant challenge to complete a statewide recount of nearly 3million votes in less than two weeks. County canvass boards and (commission)staff will need to put in a substantial amount of extended hours throughout thenext few weeks," the memorandum said.If approved at a meeting Monday morning in Madison, here's how the recount willbe conducted:Monday, cost estimates and vote tabulation method will be provided by countyclerks to the commission by noon. Commission officials will provide estimatedstatewide costs to the campaigns of Stein and independent candidate Roque"Rocky" De La Fuente by the end of the day.Tuesday, the Stein and De La Fuente campaigns pay for the recount. Once fullpayment is received from either campaign, the commission will issue a recountorder.Wednesday, Elections Commission staff will hold a teleconference in the morningfor all county clerks and canvass members to outline the process and rules of arecount. Since a 24-hour public-meeting notice is required for the recount, eachcounty must post its notice by Wednesday.Thursday, the recount begins in every Wisconsin county.Dec. 13, all county canvass boards must be completed by noon. ElectionsCommission staff will prepare the official recount canvass certification by 3p.m.Stein and De La Fuente separately filed recount requests late Friday, the lastday they were able to do so. Stein received about 31,000 votes and De La Fuenteabout 1,500 out of 3 million cast in Wisconsin.The cost for Wisconsin's recount could top $1 million which either Stein or DeLa Fuente, or both, must pay.