On the heels of a contentious presidential campaign, Americans are feeling moreenthusiastic about the way the economy is heading than they have in almost adecade.In the month since Donald Trump's election win Nov. 8, stock markets have soaredand a recent Gallup poll shows Americans have become more optimistic about thefuture of the U.S. economy than at any other time during the nine years thatGallup has been tracking the U.S. Economic Confidence Index.The latest Gallup poll score of +6 for the week ending Nov. 27 inched past theprevious high of +5, recorded in January 2015.Americans' confidence in the economy shifted from negative to positive territoryafter the election. Mr. Trump will take office in January. The index was -11 inthe last full week before the Nov. 8 election, but jumped to +4 the week afterand has climbed since then.Gallup noted that the change was largely attributable to Republicans becomingmore optimistic about the economy's direction. The index has a theoreticalmaximum of +100 if all Americans surveyed were to say the economy is doing welland improving, and a theoretical minimum of -100 if all Americans surveyed wereto say the economy is doing poorly and getting worse."Stock prices have done well in the wake of the election. People are wealthierand that encourages confidence as well," said Gus Faucher, deputy chiefeconomist at PNC Bank, Downtown. "The economy is the same as before theelection. The difference is some people feel the economic prospects are betternow."Mr. Faucher pointed out that many of the important economic indicators have beenmoving in the right direction since the end of the Great Recession in 2009. Thenational unemployment rate of 4.6 percent is as low as its been since 2007. Itpeaked at 10 percent in October 2009. Job losses ended in 2010 and since thenthe economy has added 15.4 million jobs.Mr. Faucher said inflation was 1.6 percent in October, well below its long-runaverage.More jobs, more income and low inflation may also have played a role inretailers around the country reporting one of the best Black Fridays on record.According to a survey by the National Retail Federation, the average Americanspent $290 on consumer items the day after Thanksgiving. While shoppers spentmore last year - $300 - there were more of them this year. Overall, consumersspent $3 million more this year for a total of $154 million.Still, it may be too early to tell whether the uptick in confidence will lastbeyond January.Strong consumer confidence is a sign that the economy is gaining steam. But itcould also be a warning of potential setbacks in the years ahead, said AaronLeaman, a financial adviser with Signature Financial Planning in Mt. Lebanon."Historically when the Consumer Confidence Index rises to a high point, ittypically means a recession will happen a few years down the road," Mr. Leamansaid. "As markets go up, consumer confidence goes up, and it usually marks ahigh-point in the economy."I believe we will see a very strong holiday season, which will give the FederalReserve cover to raise rates," he said. "Then I think we will see an expectationreset after Trump's inauguration."With a Republican president and a Republican majority in both houses ofCongress, legislation is likely to be passed more quickly than it has been overthe past eight years under a Democratic administration that was often hinderedby gridlock."We will see a lot of legislative action in the first three months of the yearand people will be looking closely at that," Mr. Leaman said. "Confidence couldkeep going up. Or people could take a more wait-and-see attitude. There will bea lot of changes and people will want to see those changes and make up theirminds."The Gallup poll emphasized that it's not just Americans who are feeling moreoptimistic since the election. Potential U.S. economic growth could havesignificant effects worldwide, and many foreign investors have played a role inU.S. markets skyrocketing since the election."While the election's results may have improved Americans' outlook on theeconomy, favorable market conditions may have driven their confidence furtherupward," according to the Gallup report. "But two weeks of positive indexreadings on the heels of [Mr. Trump's] unexpected victory reveals a degree ofeconomic confidence Americans have not expressed since the recession."The Dow Jones closed above 19,000 on Thursday for the first time in its 120-yearhistory.Financial adviser P.J. DiNuzzo, chief investment officer for DiNuzzo IndexAdvisors in Beaver, said capital markets are predicting potential benefits offavorable legislation or executive orders generated by Mr. Trump."The market is a short- to intermediate-term pricing mechanism,"Mr. DiNuzzosaid. "It appears there is a consensus at this time that the Trump presidencywill enhance overall economic growth."Tim Grant: tgrant@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1591.LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHGRAPHIC: PHOTO: Darrell Sapp/Post-Gazette: Brenda Beetlestone of Clairton takesa break at Monroeville Mall. More Americans shopped on Black Friday this year,according to a Gallup poll.PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper