Here's an idea for beleaguered Democrats looking for a way out of theirpostelection wilderness: Look back to a Democratic icon of half a century agowho was on the cusp of uniting precisely those angry working-class whites whorallied to Donald Trump with Hillary Clinton's coalition of minorities andliberals.The Robert F. Kennedy who ran for president in 1968 was a racial healer, atribune for the dispossessed, and an uncommon optimist in an age of politicaldistrust."Each time a man stands up for an ideal," Bobby reminded us, "he sends forth atiny ripple of hope, and crossing each other from a million different centers ofenergy and daring, those ripples build a current which can sweep down themightiest walls of oppression and resistance."No wonder audiences swooned. And his words seem even more resonant in thislooming Era of Trump.The first key to Bobby's broad appeal was that our favorite liberal began lifeon the other side of the ideological chasm. He was nurtured on the rightistorthodoxies of his dynasty-building father and he kick-started his public careeras counsel to the left-baiting Sen. Joseph McCarthy. That younger RFK was abare-knuckled political operative who masterminded his brother'swhatever-it-takes bids for senator and president. As attorney general, Kennedyapproved FBI wiretaps of Martin Luther King Jr., whom he never trusted or liked.Even guerrilla warfare was in his tool kit: Bobby masterminded cloak-and-daggeroperations against Communist Cuba that included plotting the elimination ofFidel Castro. His steely conservatism made him an idol to a young RudolphGiuliani and younger Bill O'Reilly and Karl Rove. It also ensured thatblue-collar whites stuck with him even as he moved leftward.The upshot: In his first contested presidential primary, in Indiana, Bobby wonthe seven largest counties where the racial-backlash candidate George Wallacehad done best in 1964 (at the same time he scored a crushing 85 percent of thevotes in African American districts). He did better still in Nebraska, which hadeven fewer blacks and more farmers. All of which is why Richard Nixon was sonervous about facing off against another Kennedy in November, and whycontemporary Democrats should worry less about ideological purity and more aboutfinding someone with Bobby's populist passion.Lesson two for today's hyperpartisan politics is the way Sen. Bobby Kennedyfashioned bold bipartisan solutions to nagging problems like rebuilding theBrooklyn neighborhood of Bedford-Stuyvesant, America's biggest ghetto.Washington would pay for training unemployed adults, constructing a culturalcomplex, and other classic liberal initiatives. Tax breaks would lure bigbusiness to build industrial plants and shopping centers, an idea that drewraves from the conservative standard-bearer William F. Buckley Jr. And borrowingan approach from the New Left protest movement, local residents would exerciseunprecedented self-governance. "We are striking out in new directions," the NewYork senator said, "perhaps without map or compass to guide us." Half CheGuevara, half Niccol&ograve; Machiavelli, Bobby was a shaker-upper dedicated tothe art of the possible.It doesn't take much imagination to know where Bobby would have stood on Trump.As a Harvard undergraduate, Kennedy took on the anti-Semitic demagogue FatherLeonard Feeney. As attorney general, he stood down Gov. Wallace, who vowed toblock the schoolhouse door to black students seeking admission to the Universityof Alabama. The only figure who ranked ahead of Jimmy Hoffa and J. Edgar Hooveron Bobby's most-hated list was Roy Cohn, the young McCarthyprot&eacute;g&eacute; who, as an old man, served as a political mentor to theyoung Donald Trump.The truest key to Bobby's political success was his authenticity. Over thecourse of his 82-day campaign for president, Bobby defied people's prototypes ofpandering politicians. He knew how issues like crime could be used as a wedgebetween blacks and whites, poor and rich. So he made sure that every speech oncrime included a call for justice, and that what he said to chambers of commercediffered in the sequence but not the elements from what he said in the slums. Hetold college kids everywhere he went that they could change the world, so whyweren't they?It happened again at a luncheon of Civitans, a men's service club. As hisaudience chewed on Salisbury steaks, he took the requisite questions on guncontrol and daylight saving time. Then he turned to his biggest issue -"American children, starving in America" - and asked, "Do you know, there aremore rats than people in New York City?" Hearing guffaws, this senator who waskept up nights by images of the hungry children he'd met in the MississippiDelta grew grim: "Don't . . . laugh." Thomas Congdon Jr., an editor at theSaturday Evening Post, was struck by what he witnessed: "He was telling themprecisely the opposite of what they wanted to hear." It was demagoguery inreverse.What Bobby accomplished in 1968 could be a beacon for 2016, if the progressiveopposition is listening. America was as riven then as it is today, and astempted by divisive demagogues. The Cold War and New Deal seemed archaic to thegeneration of the Thaw and the New Left. Race riots were igniting the cities andoverseas tensions were widening the split between parents and children. Therewas no national consensus anymore - but there were few figures in Americanpolitics more able and determined to build bridges between the alienated and themainstream than Bobby, who had lived on both sides. He'd laid claim to a rarepiece of political ground as a pragmatic idealist, which was the same terrainJFK had hoped to plow. While some remained skeptical, others were dazzled by thepossibilities of a standard-bearer with that blend of tenaciousness andgentleness."One of the reasons, I suspect, that some people are puzzled by Senator Kennedyis that he is a tough-minded man with a tender heart," said Sen. GeorgeMcGovern, who stood with Bobby against both hunger in America and U.S.involvement in Vietnam. "He is, to borrow Dr. King's fitting description of thegood life, 'a creative synthesis of opposites.' "Larry Tye is the author of "Bobby Kennedy: The Making of a Liberal Icon."larrytye@gmail.com