Donald Trump's election has sparked shock, revulsion and protests around much ofthe world. But in Russia, the president-elect is being embraced with widespreadapproval.In fact, many here think he'll be one of the best American presidents ever.Just less than half of those surveyed after the U.S. election by VTSIOM, astate-run research center, said that if given the opportunity, they would havevoted for the billionaire New York businessman.Only 4% said they would have backed Democrat Hillary Clinton, who took a hardline against Russia during her tenure as secretary of State.The survey found that about a third of Russians think Trump will likely go on tobecome one of the best presidents in U.S. history."Trump is a huge advantage for Russia," said Muscovite Gleb Samorukov. "It'sclear Trump's willing to figure out some of the problems we have between our twocountries."Samorukov said he believes Russia is doing its best to resolve differences withthe U.S. over Russia's annexation of Crimea and its backing of separatists ineastern Ukraine, as well as disagreements about how to deal with the civil warin Syria and President Bashar Assad.President Obama has had tense relations with Russian President Vladimir Putinsince Russia's intervention in neighboring Ukraine in 2014, a move that promptedWestern sanctions against Russia.The two men also have clashed over Syria's war: Russia's military is supportingAssad against rebel groups, while Obama is supporting some of those rebels andwants the Syrian leader to step down because of brutal attacks on civilians.In another flash point, U.S. intelligence agencies allege that the Russiangovernment tried to interfere in the U.S. election by hacking into the emailaccounts of the Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee, a chargePutin denies.By contrast, candidate Trump praised Putin's strong leadership style andpromised after his election to improve relations with a country that had beenthe United State's longtime Cold War rival."It's definitely changed the atmosphere for the good," said Ian Artemey, aneconomics student from St. Petersburg. "I like him."Russians also like Putin -- a lot, if state-run media and polls can be believed.His approval ratings have soared amid the increase in tensions with the UnitedStates, reaching an all-time high of nearly 90% in October, VTSIOM found.Mark Galeotti, an expert on Russia at the Institute of International Relationsin Prague, said Putin appears more comfortable with a Trump presidency, at leastfor now."There is inevitably a degree of delight at seeing the obvious dismay (aboutTrump's election) among U.S. allies, especially in Europe," Galeotti said."There are some prospects economic sanctions might be lifted or moderated, andon this issue, where Washington leads, the Europeans will certainly follow."Long term, though, Trump is not necessarily what Russia's government would havewanted and could worry the Kremlin, Galeotti said."Putin has capitalized on his ability to break the rules and get in the West'sface, relying on our willingness to broker compromise. With Trump, there is muchless certainty this will be the case," he said.Trump's "evident dislike of entangling alliances, his half-heartedness towardNATO, may well worry Europe enough that it takes its security much moreseriously," Galeotti added.