http://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/SMT1015-112216-adobe.jpgThe major market averages hit record highs for a second straight session, led bymetal and mining stocks, but then pared gains.The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.2%, topping 19,000 for the first time,but is now up 0.1%.The Nasdaq outperformed its counterparts and advanced 0.2%. The S&P 500 roseless than 0.1%.Metals And Miners Forge Ahead; Nucor, Freeport New HighsMining and metal stocks led the way in the stock market today.Cliffs Natural Resources (CLF) and Vale (VALE) were leading the Mining-MetalOres industry group advancing nearly 8% and 6%, respectively. Cliffs is emergingfrom a cup-with-handle base on the daily chart. The stock boasts a 99 RS Rating;however, earnings growth is volatile. Analysts expect the company's fiscal 2016earnings to grow 213%, but decline 34% in fiscal 2017.Nucor and Freeport-McMoRan (FCX) were up 3.5% and more than 2%, respectively.Steelmaker Nucor's uptrend continued after the surge from the U.S. presidentialelection results. Freeport notched another new 52-week high today after tradingtightly after a breakout two weeks ago.Earnings Reports: Palo Alto, Jack In The Box Fall; Dollar Tree JumpsEarnings season continued to produce a mixture of results. Palo Alto Networks(PANW) and Jack in the Box (JACK) are both trading lower in early morning tradeafter reporting earnings late Monday.Palo Alto, an option play on IBD Leaderboard, reported disappointing resultsMonday, after the close. The company reported sales that fell short of analysts'expectations and projected that decelerating sales growth would continue intothe current quarter. Shares tumbled 14%. Over the past two weeks, the stock hashad difficulty breaking out of a potential flat base.Jack in the Box, an IBD 50 member, also failed to meet estimates on keyfundamental metrics. Despite topping the Q4 EPS estimate and increasing itsquarterly dividend, shares still fell 2% on weak same-stores sales figures atcompany-owned locations. While analysts expected a 1.6% in same-stores sales,Jack reported a 0.5% increase instead. The stock is still consolidating withinits flat base.Despite missing its revenue estimates, Dollar Tree (DLTR) positively revised itsforward guidance sparking a buying wave. The stock is now up 10%. The stock hasretaken its 40-week moving average and is building the right side of a cup base.Oil Volatile, Dollar Reverses HigherOil prices vacillated between gains and losses as headlines continued to fuelvolatility ahead of OPEC's meeting next week. OPEC officials were optimisticthat all countries would be in agreement to continue cutting production. Thedollar reversed earlier losses and was flat on the session.October existing-home sales rose 2% to their highest level since February 2007,the National Association of Realtors said. But higher mortgage rates in recentweeks, especially after the presidential election, could chill future demand.Related:Palo Alto Networks Revenue, Billings Miss; Stock Falls LateOPEC Cuts Set To Exempt Nigeria, Libya; Iraq Says It's 'Special'Dollar Tree Sees Strong Holiday-Quarter Sales After Mixed Q3