On display during the 2016 presidential campaign were the power of social media,a disconnect with discontented rural voters, the struggles of the DemocraticParty and fractures within the Republican Party.Researchers and journalists discussed those issues with hundreds of people in apacked and overflowing room at the Pyle Center at the University ofWisconsin-Madison last week.The panelists, Charlie Sykes, a conservative radio talk show host; Dave Weigel,a reporter for the Washington Post; and Mike Wagner and Kathy Cramer, bothprofessors at the UW LaFollette School of Public Affairs, took questions fromthe audience during the 90-minute session.Sykes spoke extensively on the damage a Donald Trump presidency can do, and isdoing to the Republican Party."For me, this year has been like a chronic nightmare that I kept thinking wewere going to wake up from," Sykes said. "As a conservative, it's been likewatching the ?Invasion of the Body Snatchers.'" He said he has been surprised tosee the fractures in the party he thought was somewhat cohesive and principled."One of the things I found out was that the conservative movement was not what Ithought it was," he said.He likened Trump's pick for White House chief strategist, Steve Bannon ? formerhead of the Breitbart News website who has been criticized for making whitenationalist comments ? as a "cancer" who would open the party to more racism andxenophobia.Cramer, a professor at UW who studies rural issues in Wisconsin, said theresults reflect a common and longstanding attitude among those who don't live inthe state's major metropolitan areas.The feeling of condescension and a lack of understanding is what a lot of folkshave been saying about the government and about politicians for quite some timenow, she said.Now? It's time to listen, she said."I do think the way forward is to carefully listen to people," she said."Listening to folks conveys respect."Weigel, who has covered the conservative movement extensively for the WashingtonPost, said that he considers the election results an "existential challenge" tothe media industry, not necessarily a threat."What we wrote did not matter in terms of the information people thought wasrelevant," he said.Researchers said they are interested in better understanding how conventionalnews outlets shaped ? or didn't shape ? peoples' views, and the growinginfluence of social media."Donald Trump got more (negative) attention than anybody else, and on the onehand, we might think that attention gave him a huge advantage. But isn'tnegative information supposed to make us view people negatively?" said Wagner,an associate professor."I'm curious as to unpack why that is."Panelists agreed that Hillary Clinton faced incredible sexism throughoutcampaign, but Sykes noted that she was also a flawed candidate in the eyes ofmany voters. She brought extensive baggage and was a "retread" of the past."This is one of the things in American politics, if you want to win an election,don't go back several decades," Sykes said. But, he said, the open contempt forwomen that Trump showed did not seem to register with voters, and that wassurprising.The panelists also discussed the influx of money in campaigns and Wisconsin'sdistrict maps that were redrawn in 2011, some believe to specifically benefitRepublicans. Democrats will have to break through that to win in the future,Weigel said."Those districts are still basically built to elect Republicans," he said.Democrats will have to learn to "break into places that have been closed tothem."