WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP) -- President-elect Donald Trump on Saturday condemneda growing push to force recounts in three states pivotal to his Nov. 8 victory,confronting the Green Party-backed effort for the first time even as he workedto address key Cabinet vacancies.The New York billionaire, who charged the election was "rigged" on a daily basisbefore his victory, called the developing recount effort "a scam" in a statementreleased by his transition team.Trump had been ignoring Green Party nominee Jill Stein's fight to revisit votetotals in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania. Wisconsin officials announcedlate Friday they are moving forward with the first presidential recount in statehistory."The people have spoken and the election is over," Trump declared Saturday. Headded, "We must accept this result and then look to the future."At the same time, Trump was scrambling to address unfilled administration jobs,having barely scratched the surface of creating the massive team needed to runthe government before his Jan. 20 inauguration.Experts say presidential transitions are periods of great vulnerability for thenation, and among the vacancies on the Trump team are leaders of the departmentsof State, Defense and Homeland Security.Trump, who has virtually no experience in foreign affairs, offered a one-linetweet Saturday morning in reaction to the death of Cuban leader Fidel Castro --"Fidel Castro is dead!" -- before issuing a more detailed statement."While Cuba remains a totalitarian island, it is my hope that today marks a moveaway from the horrors endured for too long, and toward a future in which thewonderful Cuban people finally live in the freedom they so richly deserve,"Trump said.His transition team did not respond to requests to clarify his Cuba policy,which was inconsistent during the campaign.Trump first suggested he supported President Barack Obama's orders loosening theU.S. trade embargo on the island. He reversed himself less than a month beforethe election, however, vowing to overturn Obama's order unless Cuba meetsdemands including "religious and political freedom for the Cuban people and thefreeing of political prisoners."Meanwhile, the incoming president paid little if any attention Stein's recountpush, but Democratic rival Hillary Clinton forced his hand on Saturday byformally joining the effort. Stein, who drew 1 percent of the vote nationally,is raising millions of dollars to fund the recounts."Because we had not uncovered any actionable evidence of hacking or outsideattempts to alter the voting technology, we had not planned to exercise thisoption ourselves," Clinton campaign attorney Marc Elias wrote Saturday in blogpost. "But now that a recount has been initiated in Wisconsin, we intend toparticipate in order to ensure the process proceeds in a manner that is fair toall sides."Elias said Clinton would take the same approach in Pennsylvania and Michigan ifStein were to follow through with recount requests those states, even thoughthat was highly unlikely to change the election outcome."Regardless of the potential to change the outcome in any of the states, we feelit is important, on principle, to ensure our campaign is legally represented inany court proceedings and represented on the ground in order to monitor therecount process itself," Elias wrote.Clinton leads the national popular vote by close to 2 million votes, but Trumpwon 290 electoral votes to Clinton's 232, with Michigan still too close to call.It takes 270 to win the presidency.Trump, who repeatedly challenged the integrity of the U.S. election systembefore his win, called the recount push "a scam by the Green Party for anelection that has already been conceded.""The results of this election should be respected instead of being challengedand abused, which is exactly what Jill Stein is doing," he said in thestatement, which didn't mention Clinton's involvement.Trump was spending the Thanksgiving holiday weekend with family at his PalmBeach estate, Mar-a-Lago. He had planned to focus on filling key administrationposts over the working vacation. On Friday, he named Fox News analyst KathleenTroia "KT" McFarland as deputy national security adviser and appointed campaignattorney Donald McGahn as White House counsel.Trump planned to return to his New York home on Sunday ahead of a series ofMonday meetings with prospective administration hires, including Sheriff DavidClarke of Milwaukee County, Wisconsin. He's seen as a possible Homeland Securitypick. Clarke's vocal opposition to the "Black Lives Matter" movement has madehim popular with many conservatives.Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence also have Monday meetings scheduledwith Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, Rep. Lou Barletta, R-Pa., formerSecurity and Exchange Commission commissioner Paul Atkins, World Wide Technologychairman David Steward and General Growth Properties CEO Sandeep Mathrani.Internal divisions over his choice for secretary of state have delayed thatcritical decision. The options include former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, wholacks foreign policy experience, but was intensely loyal to Trump, and 2012Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney, who aggressively opposed Trump'scandidacy but is largely regarded as more qualified. Tennessee Sen. Bob Corkeris also a possibility.