HIGHLIGHT: As guest host of The Run-Up this week, I speak with my colleaguesabout the parade of potential cabinet appointees visiting Trump Tower.Just blocks from where we're sitting in Times Square, President-elect Donald J.Trump has been hosting a parade of potential cabinet appointees in the heavilyfortified Trump Tower, also known as White House North. The daily drama is beingpunctuated and animated by Mr. Trump's provocative early morning tweets.This week on The Run-Up, we devote our show to Mr. Trump's transition into theWhite House - one of the most unusual and unpredictable transitions in recentmemory.Michael Barbaro is finally taking some time off - he is on vacation this week atan undisclosed location. So I am taking over the microphone this week. I'm thechief national correspondent for The New York Times Magazine.Joining me from Washington, where I'm normally based, are my colleagues MichaelShear and Julie Davis, two of our crack White House reporters, who are now intheir own transition moment, from covering the Obama administration to coveringthe Trump administration. I'm also joined in New York by Charlie Homans, thepolitical editor at the magazine.We start by talking about Mitt Romney's public pageant to be appointed secretaryof state. Why would he be putting himself through this?Mr. Shear says those who know Mr. Romney say he has "a sense of service, partlybecause of his Mormon faith but also a sense that he wants to serve thecountry,"Given how fiercely Mr. Romney condemned Mr. Trump during the campaign - callinghim a phony, a con man, a fraud - Mr. Shear is just as intrigued by the oppositequestion: not why Mr. Romney would put himself through this process, but why Mr.Trump would even offer him the job.Ms. Davis has an answer, based on her reporting. "One of the things that we knowthat he said privately about Mitt Romney is that he seems like he's straight outof central casting for secretary of state, which, coming from Donald Trump, isthe highest possible praise."We discuss what's in store for Rudy Giuliani, whether Chris Christie is off thescene entirely, what to make of Kellyanne Conway's seemingly scripted "goingrogue" moment and what, generally, we expect from a Trump presidency."I think the institution of the White House and the physical building has a hugeimpact on its occupants," Mr. Shear says. "It's possible that once they moveinto that building and once they start flying around on the plane and they're inthe East Room, that some of the tradition, some of the things that normallyhappen that presidents do, will start happening. It will never be exactly likeObama - it shouldn't be, and it won't be - but I think it may be more normalthan people think."We also talk about Mr. Trump's tweets, and the question of how the media shouldcover them."I've been sort of mystified at the notion that we should somehow ignore whatare by most accounts completely unrehearsed, un-poll-tested utterances from themouth of the person who's about to become president of the United States," Ms.Davis says."We don't have to retweet them credulously - we shouldn't - we don't have toreport them without any context or fact-check element - we shouldn't - but forthe most part each one of these things is an important window into the way he'sthinking, certainly the way he's communicating with 16 million of his followers,and it contributes to a portrait of him that, frankly, we don't have that manyother primary sources to fill out.""We're in the early stages of an unprecedented experiment," Mr. Homans adds."We've never had this sort of window on any president before. There are a ton offascinating implications of that, that we haven't sorted out. What does thesteady stream of kidding-not-kidding utterances mean in terms of how we readmore formal statements by Trump or by his administration? How does the rest ofthe world, in the event of a diplomatic incident, read official proclamationscoming from the White House?We end with a lightning-round question: Is Donald Trump having fun?How do I listen? Two waysFrom a desktop or laptop, you can listen by pressing play on the button above.Or if you're on a mobile device, the instructions below will help you find andsubscribe to the series.On your iPhone or iPad:1. Open your podcast app. It's a pre-loaded app called "Podcasts" with a purpleicon. (This link may help.)2. Search for the series. Tap on the "search" magnifying glass icon at thebottom of the screen, type in "The Run-Up" and select it from the list ofresults.3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, tap on the "subscribe" button to have newepisodes sent to your phone free. You may want to adjust your notifications tobe alerted when a new episode arrives.4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two beforedeciding to subscribe, tap on the episode title from the list on the seriespage. If you have an internet connection, you'll be able to stream the episode.On your Android phone or tablet:1. Open your podcast app. It's a pre-loaded app called "Play Music" with anorange-and-yellow icon. (This link may help.)2. Search for the series. Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of thescreen, search for the name of the series and select it from the list ofresults. You may have to scroll down to find the "Podcasts" search results.3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, click on the word "subscribe" to have newepisodes sent to your phone free.4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two beforedeciding to subscribe, click on the episode title from the list on the seriespage. If you have an internet connection, you'll be able to stream the episode.Get politics news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the Morning Briefingnewsletter.