In the most important presidential "change" election since 1932, 97 percent ofDemocratic Party's superdelegates placed a bet to win on their most unpopularpresidential candidate in modern history. With the confidence of a preacherholding four aces, they bet on voters selecting Hillary Clinton ... and promisedhell and damnation if voters didn't agree.It didn't work.Forcing voters to choose between Trump and Clinton didn't pay off. CNN exitpolling reported, when voters held unfavorable opinions about both candidates --the "Lesser of Two Evils" choice -- Trump won these voters by 20 points, withTrump getting 49 percent to Clinton's 29 percent. Trump also won the independentvote by 6 percent.Thomas Frank, the author of "What's the matter with Kansas," a book explainingwhy voters sometimes vote Republican and against their economic interests, wasconcerned last spring about the coming 2016 election.In an interview with In These Times, he expressed bewilderment aboutHillary-style Democrats: "They really think that they've got this thing in thebag. And I don't just mean her versus Bernie. I mean the Democratic Partywinning the presidency for the rest of our lives. From here to eternity. ...They could nominate anybody and they would win."Frank's new book, "Listen Liberal," pins their exuberant expectations ondecisions made in the 1980s when party insiders switched from the "People'sParty" to the party of rich professional elites. The Democratic LeadershipCouncil was an operator turning that switch.Bill Clinton, serving as DLC chairman, used his position to power up hiscorporate fundraising efforts and agenda, which led to his 1992 presidentialvictory. After his election, Clinton rammed NAFTA through the Democratic Partymajority Congress in 1993 and gave communist China most-favored nation tradingstatus upon leaving office in 2000. The result was that Americans lost 3 millionmanufacturing jobs from 2000 to 2004, with 5.8 million fewer by 2010, and today,median household income is lower than 1999.How did switching from the People's Party base turn out for Democraticcandidates other than Clinton?Not so good.Starting with President Clinton's first off-year election in 1994 through 2016,Democrats have lost 69 Congressional House members and find themselves at thelowest membership since 1929. Before 1994, Democrats held House majorities in 60of the previous 64 years -- and after 1994, in only four of the next 24 years.In the U.S. Senate, Democrats are at 48 seats, down eight seats from 1992.After the 2016 election, Republicans hold 32 governorships and 984 more statelegislators, and control 32 state legislatures, versus 13 for Democrats, whichresults in 26 completely controlled Republican state governments to the six bythe Democrats.In other words, since Democrats switched from the People's Party to the eliteprofessionals political base more than 20 years ago, the Republicans have wonthe Political Quinfecta -- Congress, presidency, state legislatures,governorships and the Supreme Court.This year's superdelegates presidential candidate won newspaper editorialboards, by a 57-to-2 margin; even Republican ex-presidents refused their party'scandidate while conservative columnist George Will, disgusted with his choices,resigned from the Republican Party.Obviously, voters didn't get the elite's message. Trump won.Which leaves this question: Will the Democratic Party's politically elitesuperdelegates get the message and return to the People's Party, or will theycontinue their losing streak by making bad bets on elite professional voters andstiffing the working class?-- Bill Edley is a 35-year Democratic party activist and former IllinoisDemocratic state representative and DNC Delegate. He lives in Springfield.