WASHINGTON - The lame-duck Congress is gaveling in for its final work session of2016, and its last under President Barack Obama, as lawmakers face a Dec. 9deadline for spending legislation to keep the government running.Republican leaders want to pass a short-term spending bill to extend currentfunding levels into next spring, allowing a new President Donald Trump theopportunity to play a bigger role in crafting agency budgets.Congress is also trying to finalize legislation to address lead-tainted water inFlint, Mich., and pass a bipartisan bill to promote medical research andinnovation. And House Democrats will be voting in a new leadership teamWednesday after a delay sought by lawmakers angry over Democrats' poor showingin this month's federal elections. Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of California isexpected to prevail over Rep. Tim Ryan of Ohio, but she has promised somechanges meant to give newer lawmakers a bigger voice in the Democratic caucus,which has been led for years by the same aging lawmakers and committee chairmen.A number of other odds and ends await action as well. And throughout, GOPleaders in the House and Senate will be working with Trump's transition teams tocraft an agenda for next year, when Republicans will control both chambers ofCongress and the White House for the first time in a decade."We've got a lot to do," Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Monday on theSenate floor.A look at the legislation awaiting action:SPENDINGWork on 11 of the 12 annual agency spending bills has sputtered and a stopgapspending measure is keeping the government running until Dec. 9. Republicanleaders have decided to punt the remaining measures into next year, in partbecause they may have better chances of winning additional Pentagon spendingfrom the incoming Trump administration. Another temporary spending bill is inthe works that would keep the government open until the end of March or later.FLINT'S WATERA popular water projects measure - including $220 million to help Flint, Mich.,and other cities repair aging water systems that are poisoned by lead - is inHouse-Senate talks.McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan have promised that Flint assistance willbe approved in the lame-duck session. Michigan lawmakers say they intend toensure that happens.CURES ACTThe House plans to vote Wednesday on legislation beefing up brain, cancer andother research at the National Institutes of Health and accelerating the Foodand Drug Administration's approval processes for pharmaceuticals and medicaldevices. A Senate vote could come next week.The 21st Century Cures Act would provide $6.3 billion over the next decade,including $1 billion for state grants for programs for preventing and treatingthe abuse of opioids and other addictive drugs. It would also expand governmentmental health programs.The measure is supported by pharmaceutical and other medical industry groups.Some consumer advocates say it goes too far in relaxing testing standards fordrugs and medical devices.DEFENSEHouse and Senate negotiators hope to wrap up the defense policy bill, whichCongress has passed every year for more than five decades.House Republicans are seeking to use the must-pass $602 billion defense policybill to reverse protections imposed against workplace discrimination by Pentagoncontractors based on sexual or gender orientation. Another battle is over howmuch additional money to spend on weapon systems that the Pentagon didn'trequest in its budget.IRAN SANCTIONSCongress must act to renew a decades-old law that allows the United States tohit companies with economic sanctions for doing business with Iran. Congressfirst passed the Iran Sanctions Act in 1996 and has extended it several times.The sanctions law, which is separate from the landmark nuclear deal, is toexpire at the end of the year, and there is strong bipartisan support forlegislation that would extend it by another decade. The bill's backers sayextending the law allows the U.S. to punish Tehran should the country fail tolive up the terms of the nuclear accord.COAL MINERSLawmakers are seeking to make progress on a bill to protect health care andpension benefits for about 120,000 retired coal miners and their families. Thebill would ensure that retired miners receive more than $250 million a year inbenefits now at risk amid the coal industry's steep decline.Several Republican incumbents - including Sens. Rob Portman of Ohio and PatToomey of Pennsylvania, who both won re-election - supported the bill during thefall campaign. But McConnell and others are wary of bailing out unionizedworkers.ENERGY BILLThe House and Senate remain far apart as they seek to approve the first majorenergy bill in nearly a decade. Prospects for completion look dim as senatorspush provisions opposed in the House. These include speeding exports ofliquefied natural gas and long-term authorization for a fund that promotes landand water conservation.