President-elect Donald Trump will soon have the chance to make good on one ofhis most consequential campaign promises: fill the Supreme Court vacancy with ajudge in the mold of conservative icon Justice Antonin Scalia, who died inFebruary.Any Trump nominee is almost guaranteed to be a conservative jurist who isantiabortion and supports the 2nd Amendment's right to bear arms.But what kind of conservative he selects will determine whether his firstnominee will be quickly confirmed or instead trigger a fierce fight in theclosely divided Senate, potentially overshadowing the early months of Trump'spresidency.If Trump opts for a Scalia-like justice, as he repeatedly said he would duringthe campaign, conservative lawyers say the betting favorite is Judge William H.Pryor Jr. from the 11th Circuit Court in Atlanta, a former Alabama attorneygeneral who called the Roe vs. Wade decision legalizing abortion the "worstabomination in the history of constitutional law."The 54-year-old Pryor believes in Scalia's approach of interpreting theConstitution by its "original meaning" -- one that has little room for gayrights, even women's rights. His nomination would electrify Trump's conservativebase, but it would also set off a confirmation battle for which the outcome isnot assured."His nomination would ignite a firestorm across the country," said Nan Aron,president of Alliance for Justice, among the liberal activist groups that arealready mobilizing to fight a Pryor nomination. "Our organization and otherswould pull out every stop to keep him off the court."Instead, Trump may opt for a less provocative nominee, such as Judge Diane Sykesof Wisconsin, 58, a moderate conservative who sits on the 7th Circuit Court inChicago.Sykes has ruled in favor of religious employers who challenged President Obama'shealthcare law and its requirement to provide free contraceptives, and she votedto uphold Wisconsin's voter ID law. But she has not taken sharply ideologicalstands or called for overturning liberal precedents.Pryor and Sykes have been seen as top contenders ever since Trump mentioned themby name during a Republican debate shortly after Scalia's unexpected death,which threatened to tilt the court's ideological balance to the left.But much will depend on the whether the GOP-led Senate moves to alter itsfilibuster rules.If the new Senate maintains its current rules, it would take 60 votes to cut offdebate and set a final vote on a Supreme Court nominee. That would allow theminority Democrats, voting as a bloc, to prevent confirmation of a controversialpick such as Pryor. Republicans next year are expected to control only 52 seats.But Republican leaders could simply change the rules to clear the way forTrump's high court nominee to be confirmed with a simple majority. That's whatDemocrats did in 2013 when they controlled the Senate and wanted to overcomeRepublican filibusters against Obama's judicial nominees. At the time, Democratsexempted Supreme Court nominations from that rule change.It remains unclear whether Republicans will agree on changing the rules to allowconfirmations with just 50 votes. Sen. Orrin G. Hatch (R-Utah) has said he wouldoppose abandoning the filibuster rule, and Senate Majority Leader MitchMcConnell (R-Ky.) has also been seen as resistant to changing long-standingSenate practices.Even so, Pryor appears to have the inside track, according to conservativelawyers and advisors in touch with the transition team.Before becoming a judge in 2005, Pryor drew attention with a series ofoutspoken, Scalia-like pronouncements on issues including abortion and gayrights.He ended one speech in 2000 with a prayer for the newly elected George W. Bush,saying "Please, God, no more Souters." It was a reference to Justice DavidSouter, a Republican appointee who disappointed conservatives during his 19years on the court by frequently siding with liberals.No one on the right worries that Pryor would move to the center or the left ifhe were appointed to the high court. He is also a protege of Jeff Sessions, theAlabama senator who is slated to become Trump's attorney general.This month, the conservative Federalist Society met in Washington, and Pryor wasseen by many as the favorite for Trump's first high court nomination."He would be great," said Roger Pilon, vice president of the libertarian CatoInstitute.Trump appears to share that view. Hours after Scalia died, Trump mentioned Pryorand Sykes as among the "fantastic people" who could replace Scalia."I hope that our Senate, Mitch [McConnell] and the entire group, is going toable to do something in terms of delay. We could have a Diane Sykes or a BillPryor," he said, calling upon Senate Republicans to block Obama from filling theseat. The GOP-led Senate pursued such a strategy, refusing since March toconsider Obama's nomination of Judge Merrick Garland.During the campaign, Trump put out two lists with a total of 21 potentialSupreme Court nominees, and his aides say he will make his selection from thoselists.Lawyers at the Heritage Foundation and the Federalist Society expect Trump willchoose a federal appeals court judge who is under age 60 and has a conservativerecord. Other favored candidates include Judges Neil Gorsuch, 49, from the 10thCircuit Court in Denver, Steven Colloton, 53, from the 8th Circuit in St. Louis,and Raymond Kethledge, 49, from the 6th Circuit in Cincinnati and ThomasHardiman, 51, from the 3rd Circuit in Philadelphia.Trump's list also includes several state justices; the most talked about namesare Joan Larsen, 47, a Michigan Supreme Court justice who was once a clerk forScalia, and Texas Supreme Court Justice Don Willett, 50, an avid tweeter who attimes has criticized Trump.At the Federalist Society meeting, panel talks included nine of the 21 potentialTrump nominees to the high court. Justices Samuel A. Alito Jr. and ClarenceThomas also delivered speeches.Pryor moderated a panel on the "separation of powers," and he echoed Scalia'sview that "real constitutional law" is about the "governing structure," not theindividual rights protected by the Constitution. "It's a mistake to think theBill of Rights is the most important feature of American democracy," he said.Pryor, like Scalia, believes issues such as abortion or same-sex marriage arenot individual rights protected by the Constitution, but instead are matters tobe decided by the states and their voters.George Washington University law professor Jonathan Turley, who spoke on thepanel, said he has known Pryor since they were law clerks in New Orleans."Bill is extremely smart and committed to first principles of constitutionalinterpretation," Turley said after the panel talk. "He strongly believes in theoriginal design of the 'dual sovereignty' between state and federal governments.He believes that states must make the decisions in traditional areas" ofresponsibility, including abortion, the death penalty and gay rights.In 2003, when the Supreme Court was hearing a challenge to a Texas law that madegay sex a crime, Pryor filed a friend-of-the-court brief on behalf of Alabamaurging the court to rule for Texas.He said the court should not be swayed by "political correctness.... Engaging inhomosexual sodomy is not protected" by the 14th Amendment and its reference toliberty.Upholding such a claim "must logically extend to activities like prostitution,adultery, necrophilia, bestiality, possession of child pornography and evenincest and pedophilia," he added.The Supreme Court in a 6-3 decision struck down the Texas law as anunconstitutional invasion of liberty and privacy.In dissent, Scalia wrote a passage similar to Pryor's brief. The court's ruling,Scalia said, has "called into question ... state laws against bigamy, same-sexmarriage, adult incest, prostitution, masturbation, adultery, fornication,bestiality and obscenity."Pryor grew up in a Roman Catholic family in Mobile, Ala., and graduated fromNortheast Louisiana University in Monroe and Tulane Law School.In 1996, Pryor was a 34-year-old deputy attorney general in Alabama whenSessions, his boss, was elected to the Senate. He took over as state attorneygeneral and won a narrow election in 1998.When George W. Bush became president, he picked Pryor for the 11th Circuit Courtof Appeals in Atlanta, but his nomination ran into fierce resistance from SenateDemocrats.They blocked his confirmation, but Bush went around them and gave him a recessappointment. Then, in a bipartisan deal, the Senate agreed to hold votes onseveral stalled judges, and Pryor won confirmation on a 53-45 vote in 2005.--david.savage@latimes.com