A last-ditch fight against a Donald Trump presidency is being waged with emails,letters and phone calls as some Americans inundate Electoral College electorswith pleas to keep Trump out of the White House.The Republican Party of Pennsylvania said Friday afternoon it is consideringlegal action against Pennsylvania's Department of State for publicly releasinghome addresses and phone numbers for the state's 20 electors."The Department of State's actions are directly responsible for theunprecedented harassment and potential endangering of Pennsylvania's electors bypeople who want the electors to ignore the will of the people," state GOPspokeswoman Megan Sweeney wrote in a statement.Warren County's Ash Khare, one of Pennsylvania's 20 electors, said he hasreceived more than 13,000 such emails since the Nov. 8 election "" including1,000 on Thursday."My life has been turned upside down because I am an elector. I feel like it istotal harassment," said Khare, 68, who also received more than 100 phone callsand 500 letters, including one written in pencil by a 7-year-old. One personsent John F. Kennedy's book "Profiles in Courage."Regardless, Khare intends to vote for Trump when the Electoral College convenesat noon Dec. 19 in the Pennsylvania State Capitol's House chamber.Electoral College electors across the country are receiving messages from voterswho oppose Trump's election because, among other reasons, they believe Trump isunfit to hold the nation's highest office or that Clinton deserves thepresidency because she won the popular vote by more than 2.5 million votes."Most of the emails that I read were sincere and respectful, but I don't evenbother reading them anymore. Who can read 20,000 emails? If it says,"[#x2dc]Dear Elector,' it gets deleted," said Dick Stewart, 68, of CumberlandCounty.History of faithless electorsThe writers are urging the electors to become so-called "faithless electors" bynot supporting their party's designated candidate, a rarity in American historythat has occurred just 157 times, according to the Maryland-based nonpartisanelectoral reform group FairVote.Although such electors can be cited or fined in many states, Pennsylvania is oneof 21 states that does not formally require electors to vote for their party'sdesignated candidate.The biggest example of electors going rogue in Pennsylvania history? In 1832,all 30 of Pennsylvania's Democratic delegates refused to support Democratic vicepresidential candidate Martin Van Buren of New York and instead voted forPittsburgh's William Wilkins. Montgomery County Federalist Samuel Miles becamethe first faithless elector in American history in 1796 when he cast his ballotfor Democratic-Republican Thomas Jefferson instead of Federalist John Adams.Adams won by three electoral votes.Yet, in Pennsylvania, each party selects a slate of electors before the generalelection that is typically filled by some of the most active and loyal members."We picked good, strong Republicans," said Rob Gleason, an elector and thelongtime chairman of the Republican Party of Pennsylvania."[#x2dc]Chosen by the campaign'The GOP slate includes officers in the state party, national GOP committeemembers, a state representative, county GOP chairs, Republican NationalConvention delegates and Ted Christian, who served as Trump's Pennsylvaniacampaign director.Although they are some of the highest-profile Republicans in Pennsylvania, stateGOP spokeswoman Sweeney said "these electors were never on the ballot nor werethey ever candidates," noting they did not have to fill out an affidavit orplace their names and personal information on petitions as political candidatessuch as delegates do."These folks are chosen by the campaign," Sweeney said.The Department of State's website lists the electors' names and their county ofresidence. Registered Pennsylvania voters can fill out a form to obtainelectors' home addresses and phone numbers, as listed in a letter submitted tothe state by Trump's campaign in August.Department spokeswoman Wanda Murren said the agency received a flurry ofrequests for the additional information after the election. About a dozen peoplefilled out request forms and returned them; the department provided the addedinformation to seven people, including a Tribune-Review reporter.Murren said the information in question is deemed a matter of public recordunder the state's election code. She said the department did not provide emailaddresses for any electors "" though email addresses for some of the electorscan be found in the department's candidate database because they previouslysought political office. For example, Khare's email address can be found in thedatabase because he listed it when he ran for Republican State Committee in 2014and to be a delegate to the Republican National Convention this year.Sweeney said the Department of State previously "redacted everything except fornames for these types of requests.""Nevertheless, Gov. Tom Wolf's Department of State chose to break with precedentand release the home phone numbers and home addresses of Pennsylvania's 20electors. ... This episode is a shameful chapter for Gov. Tom Wolf and thePennsylvania Department of State," Sweeney said.Tom Fontaine is a Tribune-Review staff writer. Reach him at 412-320-7847 ortfontaine@tribweb.com