Blas the dividerMayor de Blasio drives the nails into his own coffin by downplaying theimportance to the tax base of Tiffany, Gucci and their surrounding businesses("Tough luxe, sneers Blasio," Nov. 17).This is utterly and woefully wrong and unbecoming of an elected official who'ssupposed to represent the entire city, not just selected areas where his voterbase is strongest.A "divide and conquer" strategy won't work in New York City. The tale of twocities is just that - a tall tale promoted by a progressive mayor who seeks topromote himself at the expense of the city we love and call home.Robert Torres, Queens VillageProbe voter fraudBoard of Elections Commissioner Alan Schulkin was told by New York CityDemocratic Party bosses that he won't be reappointed to another term after beingcaught on an undercover video alleging that the city's municipal-ID programcontributes to voter fraud ("Fraud-citing election big out," Nov. 17).The state should investigate Schulkin's allegations to determine if these IDcards were used to allow noncitizens to vote in the recent election.Jack Coughlin, Deer ParkChoking chartersThe Post editorial, "Separate and Unequal," talks about Mayor de Blasio'sdetermination to "choke off charter school growth" by "staying the course,"thereby rendering "seven hundred kids, mainly minority" educationally homeless(Nov. 16).The mayor's treatment of charter schools is a prime example of why Donald Trumppleaded with African-American parents for their support during the presidentialcampaign.Here's what George W. Bush said in 2000 about good schools for minorities: "Nochild in America should be segregated by low expectations, imprisoned byilliteracy, abandoned to frustration and the darkness of self-doubt."Bob Moffitt, SloatsburgBon voyage, starsKudos to Maureen Callahan for having the guts to say what we Trump supportershave been thinking: Celebrity endorsements don't matter anymore ("The fault inHollywood's loudmouth lefty stars," Nov. 13).Unfortunately, all those "loudmouth lefty" stars probably won't keep theirpromises to leave our country.The hate-filled rants of these stars is destroying their images. People who hateare ugly, and these once-beautiful and talented people have become ugly in oureyes. So whenever we see their ugly faces on television, we turn them off.Besides, what makes them think anyone is even interested in their opinions onpolitics? We wish they would do us all a favor and leave. Our country would be afar better place without them.T.F. Crovatto, Ramsey, NJJefferson's jerksAny student who doesn't understand what Thomas Jefferson meant to libertydoesn't understand history and, perhaps, shouldn't attend the University ofVirginia ("Judging Jefferson," Editorial, Nov. 16).It's completely mindless that people judge the past by contemporary socialstandards.Yes, Jefferson was a slave-holder. But his words are responsible for freeingmore people than any other document in history.Gary Schwartz, Fort Lee, NJ