Two billionaire New York City developers bidding to build a new headquarters forthe FBI - maybe the largest government development since the CIA moved toLangley in Northern Virginia in 1961 - have deep ties with President-electDonald Trump, whose victory injects new intrigue into the jockeying for the morethan $2 billion project.One, Steven Roth, served as an economic adviser to Trump's presidential campaignand co-owns a building with him in Manhattan. Another, Larry Silverstein, hasbeen referred to by Trump as a "friend of mine."Roth and Silverstein have both known Trump for more than 30 years. They havebeen rivals on some projects and cheerleaders on others.Trump considered bidding on the FBI project himself before running for thepresidency; the current FBI headquarters on Pennsylvania Avenue is near his newWashington hotel.And then there's this wrinkle: The man who has lobbied hardest for a new campus,FBI Director James B. Comey, had his own role in the presidential campaign,publicly extending the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a privateemail server as secretary of state, less than two weeks before Election Day.FBI officials are nearing the finish line on a decade-long push for a securecampus in the Washington suburbs. The contract attracted some of the mostprominent developers on the East Coast. And the winning development team notonly will receive more than $1 billion in federal appropriations to foot thecost of a new campus but also will win control of the current FBI headquartersproperty, considered a once-in-a-generation development opportunity in downtownWashington.Trump will be the first commercial real estate mogul to become president.Federal real estate experts say the president does not typically get personallyinvolved in specific projects, even of this magnitude, leaving such decisions tocontracting officials. It would be unusual for Trump to play a role.A Trump spokeswoman declined to comment.Roth is founder and chairman of Vornado Realty Trust, which acquired a mutualstake with Trump in a 2 million-square-foot Manhattan building in 2007 and haspartnered in multiple commercial properties with Trump's son-in-law JaredKushner.Trump named Roth as an economic adviser on his campaign. During his victoryspeech after winning the New York presidential primary in April, Trump gesturedto Roth from the stage and said he had recently called Roth to congratulate himon one of his projects, 220 Central Park South."It's a tremendous success," Trump said. "I said, 'Steve, congratulations on thebuilding.' He said, 'Donald, it's nothing compared to what's happening withyou.'"Silverstein, who founded his development company in 1957, has developed, ownedor managed 40 million square feet of commercial real estate.Trump proposed building two office towers with Silverstein at the former WorldTrade Center site four years after the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.At the time, Trump called Silverstein "a great guy, a good guy ... a friend ofmine" in an interview on MSNBC, though they have also feuded on occasion.For years, FBI leaders have argued that their current headquarters, the dated J.Edgar Hoover Building on Pennsylvania Avenue NW, falls short of the security andoperational needs of a modern crime-fighting agency.As a precaution, most of the entrances were sealed after the 1995 bombing of afederal building in Oklahoma City. The FBI building is in such rough shape thatnetting hangs on the building's east facade to prevent pieces of concrete fromfalling onto the sidewalk.In response to Republican spending constraints, the Obama administration hasproposed an unconventional trade: offer the Hoover site to a builder as a way ofhelping to pay for a new campus in Greenbelt or Landover in Maryland, or inSpringfield, Va. The location will be selected at the same time as thedeveloper.Congress, led by House Republicans, is slated to consider the property swap incoming weeks as part of a $1.7 billion appropriations request for the FBIheadquarters from the Obama administration. That is in addition to $390 millionthat was previously appropriated.The General Services Administration, which manages federal real estate, isscheduled to choose a development team and campus location in March. The biddingprocess calls for a panel of government officials with relevant expertise tomake the selection.It would be highly unusual for a president to intervene, said Robert A. Peck, aGSA official who oversaw the Public Buildings Service when Trump was selectedfor the hotel project."The FBI needs a new headquarters," he said. "Presumably these guys arepro-law-enforcement and, whatever Comey did, these guys are interested insecurity, and that's what they will focus on."The GSA has not disclosed the names of a list of approved bidders for theproject, but officials and executives say four teams are  finalists - thosebacked by the two New Yorkers and teams headed by Boston Properties ofMassachusetts and the Peterson Cos. of Fairfax.Each is permitted to offer proposals for multiple sites. Officials at thosecompanies declined to comment.Before running for office, Trump considered pursuing the project. After he wonthe deal to develop Washington's Old Post Office Pavilion into a luxury hotel in2013, he told The Washington Post that he and his daughter Ivanka would be"watching the FBI as to what's going to happen" with the deal."When I talked with him, he wanted to talk about the FBI building. That was whatwas on his mind," said Dorothy Robyn, a former real estate official at thePentagon and the GSA, recalling a conversation at the time. "He talked about howhe might submit a proposal to be the developer. I didn't know if it was blusteror not, but he was definitely thinking about it."Comey has made his case on Capitol Hill for the headquarters project and keeps apiece of broken concrete from the Hoover building's facade in his office as areminder of the need to upgrade.During the campaign, Comey first drew Trump's ire for not pursuing criminalcharges over Clinton's use of a private email server. But Trump later praisedhim when he eschewed Justice Department guidelines in disclosing a new review ofher email shortly before Election Day.FBI spokeswoman Samantha Shero declined to speculate on Comey's relationshipwith the president-elect.In a statement about the project, she said: "GSA and FBI have made significantprogress on the procurement for the FBI's new Headquarters ConsolidationProject. The teams have been working diligently together to meet the expectedMarch date to select an awardee. If Congress provides the resources requested inthe President's fiscal year 2017 budget request, we will be in a position todeliver a secure, consolidated headquarters for the FBI."Because the Hoover building is across the street from Trump's new D.C. hotel, hecould benefit financially from its redevelopment. Trump owns aboutthree-quarters of the hotel project personally, but he has said that he willstep away from his business interests when he takes office."Anything that moves redevelopment quickly could only help the area around it,"said Neil O. Albert, president of the DowntownDC Business Improvement District,an association of downtown developers.Roth's firm, Vornado, is bidding in tandem with the JBG Cos. of Chevy Chase,which is also merging with Vornado's Washington unit. W. Matthew Kelly, who isslated to become chief executive of the new company, said in October that thefirms' FBI proposal was a 50-50 split between Vornado and JBG.Trump's history with Silverstein, chairman of Silverstein Properties and one ofNew York's most prolific developers, appears to have had its ups and downs. Fouryears after the 9/11 attacks, Trump proposed building two office towers at thesite, where Silverstein owned development rights. He called theSilverstein-backed design for the site "the worst pile of crap architecture Ihave ever seen in my life."Silverstein supported Clinton for president, but the day after the election,speaking at a New York real estate conference, he complimented Trump'sleadership qualities. For the FBI project, Silverstein is bidding in partnershipwith Lerner Enterprises, headed by Washington Nationals owner Theodore Lerner.Trump "works hard. He is highly focused when he wants to be," Silverstein saidat the conference, according to Commercial Property Executive, a tradepublication. "Knowing his determination, his drive, his commitment once he makesit ... will propel him to be the best president he can possibly be."Robyn, who left the GSA two years ago, said that for the most part the FBIproject has been "insulated from politics" and is moving forward."The FBI building is a train very, very far down the track," she said. "I thinkthere's a lot of momentum and it's going to happen."jonathan.oconnell@washpost.com