Reports that school children of Hispanic and Muslim backgrounds have beenharassed by fellow students in the wake of the presidential election should betroubling to everyone and acceptable to no one.There is no justification for allowing attitudes of intolerance and prejudice toseep into society. We don't know how common such acts of taunting or bullyinghave been, but not a single incident should ever be abided by any responsibleperson, and that goes for the parents of those children who may be influencingsuch behavior. Such actions are nothing less than an extenuation of bigotry.In the course of a presidential campaign that laid bare a national divide onmany issues and attitudes, there have been examples of harassment on both sides.A middle-school student in Utah wrote openly in a piece published in the DeseretNews of how he found himself the subject of ridicule by fellow students when itbecame known that his mother was a Democrat running for election to stateoffice.He assessed poignantly how his young peers, in their taunts and teases, werechanneling behavior derived from the attitudes of the adults in their lives."They had to have learned this somewhere," he mused. "I think they are learningthis kind of talk in their homes, and I would hope we could have more respectfor each other."The same is undoubtedly true in the cases of those who have gone after studentsof minority backgrounds. In our view, the best approach to such incidents is oneof zero tolerance.In Utah's Granite School District, reports of harassment have led officials toencourage witnesses to formally report all such activity. Salt Lake CountyCouncilwoman Aimee Winder Newton reported hearing of cases in which childrenhave said to other children of minority backgrounds, "Now you're going to getdeported," or "Go back to your country." In a social media post, she said, "I amsick about this."The possibility that young children have been targeted and given reason to fearfor their safety is indeed sickening. The seeds of prejudice that lead to suchharassment were undoubtedly nurtured by the harsh political rhetoric from thecampaign trail. Debate over national issues has all too frequently gone to adark place where some have chosen to look at issues as "us against them."Children can't be expected to comprehend all of the intricacies related tonational policy, but they are certainly capable of picking up on theprerequisites of prejudice. These reported incidents of harassment present anopportunity for deep self-reflection among parents. We ideally teach ourchildren about compassion, tolerance and civility.Fortunately, just as we are hearing these troubling reports about bullying, weare also seeing signs - quite literally - that convey the welcoming message thatAmerica embraces people of all backgrounds.A South Jordan, Utah, man, Austin Hudson, created signs for Election Dayfeaturing Uncle Sam beckoning with the words: "You belong here" and "This is acountry of immigrants and common people. No vote will ever change that. Godbless America. God bless you."Although Hudson intended to place the posters surreptitiously, word of the gooddeed spread. Messages have power for good or ill. When children begin to spreadmessages that demean others based on race or culture, the blame falls to thosewho should know better. We support political leaders for speaking out, and wehope they inspire more people to raise their voice in solidarity with theirfellow Americans, especially children, who may feel targeted simply due to theirreligious faith, political affiliation or ethnic background.editorial