He praises enemies, he ignores allies, he upends decades of policy.And Donald Trump hasn't even been sworn in as president.In a series of telephone calls with foreign leaders apparently eager tocongratulate the president-elect, Trump has broken many of the rules that governdelicate matters of international relations, leaving State Department diplomatsshocked and confused.The latest was Trump's decision Friday night to speak to the president ofTaiwan, which no U.S. president or president-elect has done in nearly 40 years.The U.S. has no formal diplomatic relations with Taiwan, which China considers arogue state and part of its national territory.Already, Trump's call with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen has prompted Chinato lodge a formal complaint, though given the stakes of relations between theworld's two superpowers, it tempered its reaction by emphasizing that Trump wasnot yet setting U.S. policy."The one-China policy" that does not recognize an independent Taiwan "is thecornerstone of the healthy development of China-U.S. relations, and we hope thispolitical foundation will not be interfered with or damaged," Chinese ForeignMinister Wang Yi said Saturday, blaming Tsai for playing a "small trick" onTrump.The conversation had several of the hallmarks of Trump's most notablediscussions with foreign leaders since being elected: unorthodox, out of stepwith current U.S. policy and prompted by opaque motives."We've been taken by surprise at every turn," one baffled national securitystaffer said of the calls.Trump offered no apologies, nor did his transition team make any comments.Instead, he defended the discussion amid reams of criticism for having brokenU.S. protocol by saying Tsai initiated it."The President of taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winningthe Presidency. Thank you!" Trump tweeted.Later, Trump added: "Interesting how the US sells Taiwan billions of dollars ofmilitary equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call."Under the Obama administration, the U.S. has sold $14 billion in weapons toTaiwan. The administration's Asia policy has centered on an effort to rebalanceresources toward the continent to counter the influence of China, though it hashad limited success.China was also one of Trump's frequent targets during the campaign, and the callcould have been a first salvo in changing U.S. policy under the Trumpadministration. He wants to increase tariffs on China, has threatened to labelthe country a currency manipulator and blames it in part for the loss of jobs inthe U.S.But the sudden nature of the call with Tsai, without informing other interestedparties such as China or the White House, unsettled foreign policy experts.The president-elect's propensity to make and receive phone calls "heightensconcerns about Trump's foreign policy deftness," said Jeffrey Bader, a seniorfellow at the Brookings Institution."There are serious risks posed by his failure to take briefings by governmentprofessionals," Bader wrote in a blog post, "and he appears to have littlerespect for the potential damage of actions taken without understandinglong-standing U.S. national security concerns."Trump's call with Tsai also prompted concern because his business empire ishoping to build in Taiwan.Similarly, after Trump's conversation with President Mauricio Macri ofArgentina, a journalist there suggested Trump might have asked for help with apermit to build a tower in Buenos Aires. Trump's people denied it.In conversations with British politicians, Trump asked about getting wind farmsbanned from land near one of his British golf courses. Trump has acknowledgedthat had happened.Trump has sought to put to rest questions about conflicts of interest betweenhis business and the business of government by saying he'll step aside fromoperating the businesses during his presidency and will detail his plans in aDec. 15 news conference. He has not addressed whether he will maintain ownershipof his real estate and development holdings.Beyond the conflicts of interest, however, Trump is ignoring U.S. policy.In a phone conversation with Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, Trump saidPakistanis were "exceptional people" and "one of the most intelligent people."The overtures were consistent with Trump's blustery language, but they beliedhis attacks during the campaign on Pakistan as an evil sponsor of terrorism.Additionally, most Pakistanis practice Islam, and Trump has proposed banningMuslims from entering the United States.The U.S. has diplomatic relations with Pakistan, but considers India, Pakistan'sarchenemy, as a closer friend. Indians were among many shocked by Trump'sblithely friendly tone with Pakistan's Sharif.In the case of the Taiwan call, the White House scrambled to emphasize thatTrump's conversation does not signal any change to U.S. policy, said Ned Price,a spokesman for the White House National Security Council. "We remain firmlycommitted to our 'one China' policy.... Our fundamental interest is in peacefuland stable" relations.--tracy.wilkinson@latimes.comTimes staff writer Christi Parsons contributed to this report.