Now more than ever, California is the capital of liberal America. It will be akind of Democratic government-in-exile starting in January, when a popularliberal president is succeeded by a 70-year-old who built his campaign onresentment of two of the Golden State's most ornate pillars: the creative classand multicultural ideals.Gov. Jerry Brown, D, who signed into law a graduated $15 minimum wage (by 2021)earlier this year, has tried to advance progressive policy with pragmatism.According to the state Legislature's nonpartisan fiscal analysis, California nowhas sufficient budget reserves to "weather a mild recession without cuttingspending or raising taxes through 2020-21."California's liberal instincts are nonetheless unmistakable.On Nov. 8, the state voted in favor of new regulations on guns, includingmandatory background checks on ammunition purchases. Voters supported legalizedrecreational marijuana, extended a state tax surcharge on the wealthy, imposed a$2-per-pack tax on cigarettes and adopted local housing and transportationmeasures along with local tax increases and bond proposals. (The vast majorityof tax and bond proposals on California ballots were approved.)While they were at it, Californians returned large Democratic majorities to theLegislature in Sacramento, where representatives work alongside the exclusivelyDemocratic statewide elected officials, including the governor. For good measurethey sent Democrat Kamala Harris, part Asian, part black, all Californian, tothe U.S. Senate.If Hillary Clinton is looking for a burst of sunshine amid the storm clouds, sheknows where to find it. In preferring her over Trump by a 2-to-1 margin, withvotes still coming in, Californians gave Clinton a buffer of three million votesccc accounting for all of her national popular vote margin over Trump and thensome.Trump, said Democratic consultant Bill Carrick, "never got any traction here."The president-elect has work to do if he wants to make the terrain lessinhospitable. The state's marquee industries, Hollywood and Silicon Valley, havelittle interest in his 1950s manufacturing fantasies, and each has much to loseif a clumsy misstep on trade complicates global film distribution or tech supplychains. Both industries were founded with heavy contributions from immigrants.In the governor's race to succeed Brown in 2018 (he is 78 and term-limited),Trump will likely be assigned the role Obama played in the 2016 GOP presidentialrace: piccata. "Every California politician who has dreams of being presidentwill make their national image by standing up to Trump," said Thad Kousser, apolitical scientist at the University of California, San Diego. "That's goodpolitics in California, and good politics in the Democratic primary forpresident."Conflict could come sooner than 2018 if Trump pursues policies he championed inthe campaign. After Trump's "60 Minutes" appearance Sunday, in which he vowed todeport two million to three million undocumented immigrants, California SenateLeader Kevin de Leon mobilized. "We will protect our people and prosperity," hesaid in a statement short on political ambiguity. Los Angeles Police ChiefCharlie Beck added that his officers don't enforce laws "based on somebody'simmigration status."The state won't prove any more eager to abandon its aggressive environmentalstandards, or the more than 12 million Californians who get their health carethrough the state's partnership with Medicaid. But Trump and a RepublicanCongress could squeeze the state on both counts, increasing the relative costsof being green and the absolute costs of delivering health care.Predictably, given its polar distance from Washington's reactionary fervor,there are stirrings of secession. You can quibble with the state's incessantbragging about its rank among world economies ccc sixth place seems to be thecurrent claim ccc but no other state comes close. California's population is nowmore than 39 million, up more than 5 percent since 2010. That's enormouscompared with sparsely populated conservative states ccc Wyoming has fewer than600,000 people ccc that routinely blunt California's power in the U.S. Senate.If California continues growing, and its federal influence doesn't, eventuallysomething's gotta give.One quarter of California blacks and more than one in five Hispanics are poor.If the state becomes a magnet for undocumented immigrants fleeing a federalcrackdown, its problems will surely grow. California's dynamic industries, anduniversities, contribute to inequality, although progressive taxation of wealthgenerated in Silicon Valley and Hollywood also helps to mitigate it.The contrast with Washington, already pronounced, will grow starker ifRepublicans succeed in delivering huge tax cuts to the wealthy and spending cutsto the poor, which is Speaker Paul Ryan's agenda.Given total Republican control in Washington, Ryan's plan can be enacted withoutDemocratic votes, as can much of the gutting of Obamacare. Both decisionscontain enormous political risk, given the certainty that millions would suffer.If Republicans go off the deep end in Washington, either through ideology,incompetence or the political wormhole that is Trump himself, California willbeckon as a liberal antidote. The state seems ready for a fight.