But tally suggests largedegree of discontent with her leadershipHouse Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi on Wednesday won an eighth term leading theDemocratic caucus, prevailing in a contest that became a vote of confidence inher continued stewardship and an early proxy battle over the future of theDemocratic Party.Pelosi (Calif.) easily toppled Rep. Tim Ryan (Ohio), a seven-term lawmaker wholaunched an upstart bid to lead House Democrats two weeks ago in response to theparty's disappointing November election results and concerns that Democrats havegrown out of touch with working-class voters in key swing states such asPennsylvania, Michigan and Ohio.But Pelosi's margin of victory, 134 to 63, signaled a large degree of discontentwith her leadership after 14 years atop the caucus and, more broadly, with theDemocratic policy agenda that many lawmakers say has grown stale. While shecleared her self-declared margin of victory, a two-thirds majority, manyDemocrats were stunned that almost a third of the caucus was willing to vote fora backbench lawmaker with no major policy or political experience.Many were left wondering whether a more seasoned Democrat could have toppledPelosi, with several privately suggesting these next two years would have to beher last as leader. Ryan's 63 votes marked the largest bloc of opposition Pelosihas faced since winning a deputy leadership position 15 years ago that set heron a course to become the first female House speaker.Although they came up well short, Ryan and his band of supporters declared asymbolic victory in prompting Pelosi to propose elevating junior lawmakers andlead a more inclusive leadership table. They also declared that the party'seconomic agenda, at times neglected by their presidential nominee, HillaryClinton, would move to the front and center alongside the cultural issues thatdominated the 2016 campaign."We're going to win as Democrats if we have an economic message that resonatesin every part of the country," Ryan told reporters after his defeat."We are disappointed, because I like to win. ... But the party is better off,"he added.Afterward Pelosi publicly congratulated Ryan and acknowledged that he had run "avery aggressive campaign." She told reporters that it forced her to work harderthan two previous challenges to lead the caucus."I quite frankly feel more liberated than I ever have," she said.After gaining just six seats in the November election - despite Pelosi'sproclamation they would gain more than 20 - she was left more vulnerable than atany moment in her leadership tenure, more so than in 2010 when she oversaw theloss of 63 seats and the majority.She began the campaign in a boastful mode, declaring that she had "more thantwo-thirds" of the votes locked up, but she ended issuing a series of lettersthat amounted to concessions to an anxious rank and file looking for new ideasif not new leaders.Pelosi tried to placate junior lawmakers by offering new or modified positions,including the new position of "vice-ranking member" on the more than 20 standingHouse committees and reserving it for lawmakers who have served four terms orless. A policy leadership position would be divided into three co-chairmen andreserved for those who have served five terms or less.Rep. Beto O'Rourke (Tex.), 44, credited Ryan's challenge with forcing thoseproposals. "That's partly a response to the competition in the caucus for votes,and that's a healthy thing," said O'Rourke, who was first elected in 2012.At 76, Pelosi is one of three septuagenarians leading the caucus, followed by77-year-old Rep. Steny H. Hoyer (Md.), the minority whip; and 76-year-old Rep.James E. Clyburn (S.C.), the assistant to the leader.Hoyer and Clyburn were unchallenged Wednesday for reelection, and the caucuselevated Rep. Joseph Crowley (N.Y.) to the No. 4 post of caucus chairman, andRep. Linda T. Sánchez (Calif.) became the first Latina in leadership as caucusvice chairman.Republicans, after years of vilifying Pelosi's West Coast liberalism, weregleeful at the stasis among Democratic leaders. The National RepublicanCongressional Committee immediately hung a "Congrats Nancy!" poster atop a "HirePelosi" banner that had been affixed to Republican National Committeeheadquarters this week.Others remain upset at Pelosi's control of the House campaign arm, theDemocratic Congressional Campaign Committee, which has overseen a series of poorelection performances. "We should have been recruiting earlier, we should havebetter targeting. I think our messaging was off," Rep. Ruben Gallego (D-Ariz.)said Tuesday in an interview.Some of Pelosi's biggest detractors fear that the results will only empower themore coastal liberal wings. "Nothing's going to change anytime soon. We're goingto be in the minority for the next 15 years," said Rep. Kurt Schrader (Ore.),co-chairman of the Blue Dog Coalition, a centrist group. He added that Democratsneed to develop "a farm team that's not just the socialist side of our party."Some longtime critics supported her but in a fashion that suggested that she hasless leeway than in the past. "If I think changing engines is going to get usthere faster and more efficiently and effectively, I would do that. I've toldthat to Nancy," said Rep. William J. Pascrell (N.J.), who on Wednesday helpednominate Pelosi.Pelosi's most loyal backers reminded detractors that House Democrats are now ina comeback situation facing Donald Trump, who will employ an aggressive set ofmedia skills unlike any recent president."The role of leader is one of tactician, of negotiator, of knowing all therules, of having all the tools to stand up when necessary to Donald Trump," saidRep. Jan Schakowsky (Ill.). "She's effectively done that and is ready for thisfight.Mike DeBonis contributed to this report.