Today is Thankgiving, the day when Americans gather to give thanks for theblessings in their lives. According to the National Archives, "President GeorgeWashington issued a proclamation naming Thursday, November 26, 1789, as a 'Dayof Publick Thanksgivin(g).' " In 1941, President Franklin Delano Rooseveltsigned a resolution establishing the fourth Thursday in November as the federalThanksgiving holiday.Even if you're working today, we hope you find a way to celebrate this mostAmerican, most inclusive, of holidays. (Especially if you're a first responder,police officer or hospital employee, we thank you.)Even if you've suffered a great loss this year, even if there's an empty chairat your Thanksgiving table, we hope you find something for which to be thankfultoday.If you're alone, or your wallet's too thin to prepare a feast, we hope you'reable to make your way to one of the many Thanksgiving meals being offered aroundLancaster County. We extend our thanks to the church and nonprofit volunteerswho are generously offering their time and talents to make those meals possible.If, after a divisive presidential election, you're walking on eggshells withyour relatives as you pass the sweet potatoes, we hope you can set aside yourdifferences long enough to enjoy this special festive meal.This has been a doozy of a year, hasn't it? So contentious was the election thatMaryRose Brunn of Leola told LNP she was thankful she wouldn't be seeing herfamily members - who hold a mix of conservative and liberal views - untilChristmastime.Brunn, a regular writer of letters to the editor and a libertarian, said, "I'mterribly sad everyone is so angry."There is, undoubtedly, a lot of lingering anger. Which is the reason somecounselors are giving advice that runs counter to what they might ordinarilygive: Don't talk about the elephant - and donkey --in the room. Today's not theday to hash out your political differences."You have to use your intellect, you have to use wisdom ... but you can't dothat when your emotions are flooding you," Rosa A. Cabezas Fetterman, a licensedpsychologist with New Life Counseling Services in Mount Joy, told LNP. "You'llsay things that you regret."Unity, she said, "needs to start in those practical, day-to-day settings.Thanksgiving is a wonderful time of the year to celebrate and be grateful."We're not suggesting you abandon your deeply held political point of view,whatever it may be. But in the words of the immortal Queen Elsa of Arendelle,let it go - for today, anyway. You can resume battle stations after the lastturkey sandwich has been eaten.Today, focus on what you have in common with your family members. Try to focuson the qualities you admire in them. Talk about the things for which you arethankful.Among the many things we're grateful for is the generosity of Lancaster Countyresidents. Last week, the Lancaster County Community Foundation raised $7.1million for nonprofit organizations in its 24-hour giving marathon, theExtraordinary Give.Water Street Mission, the Children Deserve a Chance Foundation, SchreiberPediatric Rehab Center, Church World Service Lancaster and Central PennsylvaniaFood Bank were among the nonprofits that raised the highest sums."The numbers are incredible, but as impressive as they are, they don't comeclose to measuring the community pride and joy and love of Lancaster that wasreally on display here," Sam Bressi, foundation president, told LNP. "To me, itreally is more about the sense of coming together to create a brighter future.The outpouring of generosity in this community is second to none."We couldn't agree more.And today, as on every day, we are grateful to be a part of this amazingcommunity.Happy Thanksgiving.bit.ly/FreeThanksgivingMealsList