HIGHLIGHT: Mr. Trump should speak up against dangerous white nationalistsinstead of admonishing the cast of "Hamilton."Millions of Americans are justifiably frightened by the tide of racism,anti-Semitism and xenophobia that has swept the country since the election ofDonald Trump, whose campaign stoked these views and who named Stephen Bannon ofBreitbart News his chief strategist in the White House.The multiracial cast of the hit Broadway musical "Hamilton" spoke to that fearin an impassioned but respectful way on Friday when it implored VicePresident-elect Mike Pence, who attended the show, to take seriously theadministration's responsibility to work on behalf of all Americans and to"uphold our inalienable rights."Mr. Trump raged on Twitter, falsely accusing the cast of harassing Mr. Pence anddemanding an apology. Mr. Trump's itchy Twitter finger, however, fell silentwhen 200 or so white nationalists of the "alt-right" movement gathered onSaturday at the Ronald Reagan federal building - a few blocks from the WhiteHouse - to celebrate his election with a very public coming-out party filledwith racist and anti-Semitic filth. Mr. Trump, who brought this group out of theshadows during the campaign, has a duty to unequivocally denounce its toxicpropaganda.As The Times's Joseph Goldstein reported on Monday, members of the movement held11 hours of speeches and panel discussions. The conference culminated Saturdayevening in a speech by the movement's leading ideologue, Richard Spencer, whoaccused the news media of attacking Mr. Trump during the campaign to protectJewish interests. Speaking of political commentators, he said, "One wonders ifthese people are people at all, or instead soulless golem" - creatures of fablethat were set in motion by rabbis in time of danger.Mr. Spencer quoted Nazi propaganda - in German - and reinforced his often-statedview that America belonged to white people: "America was, until this lastgeneration, a white country designed for ourselves and our posterity. It is ourcreation, it is our inheritance, and it belongs to us."This speech echoed remarks Mr. Spencer made earlier last week in an interviewwith NPR, when he said that his goal was to make the United States a "big empirethat would accept all Europeans" and be a "safe space" for white Americans,Slavs, Celts and so on.He went on in that interview to say that legal immigration - the lifeblood ofthe United States - was the most damaging kind, apparently because the countrydoes not have a racial test that favors whites. He declined to condemn the KuKlux Klan, a group that promotes racial terror, because people wearing whiterobes are merely "expressing themselves" or getting in touch with their"identity as a European."The young, suit-and-tie white supremacists who traveled to Washington had noidea a year ago that their views would be getting a hearing in mainstreampolitical discourse, much less finding sympathy in the White House. But Mr.Trump ensured that outcome by playing to white nationalism during the primaries,then choosing as his campaign chairman Mr. Bannon, who managed the alt-right'smost visible platform.The country now finds itself at a particularly dangerous moment, with advocatesof discrimination and hate emboldened as they have not been for decades. Giventhe danger of violence and bigotry these groups pose, why would Mr. Trump, whowas so offended by the "Hamilton" cast's plea for tolerance, remain silent?Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion),and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.DRAWING (DRAWING BY NICOLE XU)