The Trump International Hotel, on Pennsylvania Avenue in northwest Washington,D.C., opened in September 2016 in the revamped Old Post Office building - duringthe closing weeks of Donald J. Trump's presidential campaign.America's travelers made plenty of inauguration plans before November'spresidential election, then had to unmake them. The result is a big jumble withmany hotel rooms still available in the Washington, D.C., area, whether you'recelebrating or protesting the new president. But nothing's cheap.Some sample prices:The Watergate Hotel: $995 and up.Trump International Hotel: apparently sold out.The Tabard Inn: $335 for a room with shared bath.Instead of Hillary Clinton voters converging on Jan. 20 to celebrate theinauguration of the country's first female president, as many expected, DonaldTrump voters are rushing to book rooms so they can be on hand for the ceremony.But the Clinton people aren't necessarily staying home.Many feminists are now planning a Jan. 21 Women's March on Washington. JackLindemuth, director of revenue for the Kimpton Hotels in the area, reported viaemail that the women's march "is driving significant additional demand" for thatweekend.At the Kimpton chain's 10 hotels in Washington, D.C., inauguration specialscarry a four-night minimum, with rooms of roughly $660 to $1,500 nightly, beforetaxes. Most of those hotels also have single nights available between Jan. 17and 23, a spokeswoman said, but the hotels closest to the parade route, theNational Mall and the Capitol building are selling faster.At northwestern Washington's historic Tabard Inn, "a lot of rooms got canceledregarding Mrs. Clinton," said general manager Roberto Mancia. "But at the sametime, people were booking for the other candidate."By Tuesday afternoon, the 35-room hotel had just two rooms left for Jan. 20.Like many hotels in the area, the Tabard Inn was requiring a four-night minimumand had bumped up its usual prices. For a room with a shared bathroom,ordinarily priced around $140, the inauguration-week rate was $335 per night.At the Trump International Washington D.C. Hotel, which opened in September onPennsylvania Avenue, director of sales Patricia Tang said in October that thehotel's inauguration rates would be $1,250 a night with a five-night minimum,regardless of who won the election.On Tuesday afternoon, the hotel's website reservation tool said it was sold outon the 20th and 21st, but a telephone reservation agent said email reservationrequests would be considered at ptangtrumphotels.com.(For what it's worth, Room 22, the hotel's presidential suite, was available at$12,000 nightly beginning Jan. 22.)At the Watergate, reborn in 2016 as a luxury hotel with '60s style, managementdecided before the election on inauguration-weekend rates of $995 nightly and up(with a three-day minimum). So far, the hotel is sticking with it.Bookings had a "slower start than expected," a spokesman wrote in an email, "butas people get acclimated to the new president, bookings have picked up."At the Jefferson, a luxury hotel on 16th Street NW, inauguration-weekend roomsare priced at $1,500 per night, with a four-night minimum. Despite a slow startin sales, a spokesman said, "We are just about sold out now."As of early this week, the Kimpton George Hotel, the Kimpton Topaz Hotel, theKimpton Hotel Madera, the Kimpton Rouge Hotel and the Kimpton Hotel MonacoWashington D.C. were all close to selling out, probably because they're close tothe White House, the National Mall and the Capitol Building.The Kimpton Mason & Rook Hotel, the Kimpton Donovan Hotel, the Kimpton CarlyleDupont Circle Hotel, the Kimpton Glover Park Hotel and the Kimpton Hotel PalomarWashington D.C. reported more availability.A Kimpton spokeswoman said the chain's inauguration-week rates are 400 percentto 500 percent higher than the usual rates for January, one of the slowestmonths in most years. The inauguration rates are only about 200 percent abovethe usual price when Congress is in session and there's a big conference on.