Dear Ivanka and Jared, please excuse  the informality of my greeting.  Yourcelebrity has become so ubiquitous   that first names are all  that's needed.You are, right now,  the most powerful Jews in America, and I trust  yourecognize the significance of your position  seriously enough to listen to myplea.Because I'm worried. The anti-Semitism  unleashed during the presidentialcampaign is  more prevalent than anything I've experienced  in my lifetime, andI'm closer to your father's  age than I am to yours. You must feel it, too   youmust be aware of the shiver it is sending  through our community, the freshuncertainty,   the way more people are crowding into the  pews on Shabbat,looking for comfort and solidarity.   You live a far more rarified life than Ido,  our annual incomes separated by many, many  zeroes, but I'm sure you careabout the future  of your three Jewish children as fervently as I  care aboutthe future of mine.So please don't make it worse.This isn't a question of policy or politics; I'm  not here to lobby you onreproductive rights  or gun control or America's relationship with  Israel. Wecan agree to disagree on all manner  of issues. But what I hope we can agree onis  the absolute necessity for you to represent the  concerns of American Jewsto the person who  will soon be president, and to recognize that  everything youdo can make our situation more  secure  or more precarious.The nasty associations of Jews with money  and power, the insinuation that weare a people  who thrive on getting rich off others and  seek politicalinfluence to shore up our own  wealth, are resurfacing on the fringe of Americandiscourse and pushing their way into the  mainstream. We saw that in theanti-Semitic  tweet that Donald Trump's campaign posted  last summer, tyingtogether a Jewish star, gobs  of cash and corrupt Hillary Clinton. We saw  thatin the final ad of the Trump campaign just  before Election Day, which evokedanti-Semitic  tropes implying that Jews maintain an insidious   control of theglobal economy.We see that in the appointment of Stephen  Bannon as a senior strategic aide toPresidentelect   Trump  an appointment, Jared, that you  evidently delayedannouncing until the end of  Shabbat. Did you really think that waiting untilsundown would obviate the sin of elevating  someone who has publishedanti-Semitic, anti-immigrant,   anti-Muslim, anti-feminist writing  on BreitbartNews?Bad enough, Ivanka, that you used your  speech at the Republican NationalConvention   and your appearance with your father on  national television tohawk your own wares. I  assume you've now realized the danger in treatingcivic duties as marketing opportunities.Far more serious and consequential is the  fact that the Trump family isresisting disentangling   its far-flung business empire from the  reins ofpolitical power once Trump is inaugurated   in January. This is not just aconcern  of sour-grapes liberals; no less than The Wall  Street Journal statedbluntly: Mr. Trump's best  option is to liquidate his stake in the company.It should be obvious to you two why this is  essential to the proper functioningof American   democracy, to the potential success of the  Trump administration,and to counteracting  the inevitable accusations that Jewish moneyed  interestscontrol the strings of the most powerful   office in the world.The President-elect has said that he intends  to give control of the TrumpOrganization and  the more than 500 limited liability companies  through whichhe owns his assets to you, Ivanka,   and to your brothers Donald Jr. and Eric.But  he will still be associated with his businesses,  because you  his familyare hardly independent   from him. Even if as president your  father does notdirectly manage his businesses,   he'll continue to own them, and you andyour brothers will be involved in real estate deals,  naming rights and otheractivities worldwide.Everything you do will be subject to scrutiny.  As The New York Times notedabout your father:  The conflicts between his private interests and  his publicrole will be impossible to untangle.And that will inevitably give rise to grave  political consequences, opening upyour father's  administration to very real charges of corruption   and insidedealing, of using government  to enhance a private interest  of doing everythinghe accused Clinton of doing, but this time,  there will be a lot more proof.Remember, presidents   can face litigation in private matters. If you  thinkeveryone from the New York State attorney  general to defrauded Trump Universitystudents  were willing to sue your father when he was just  another rich guy,imagine how huge a target he  will be in the White House.Layer on top of these manifest potential  conflicts the prospect of your ownpolitical  entanglements  the hints that Jared is figuring   out how to skirtfederal anti-nepotism rules  to become an official adviser to the president, orthe suggestions that Ivanka will effectively act as  First Lady while herstepmother stays in Manhatother  tan  and the situation becomes even messier.Given that just a few anti-Semitic trolls can  infiltrate and denigrate publicdiscourse, it may  only be a matter of time before they turn on you.I say this with no predictive knowledge, nor  with any pleasure, but because Ialready see such  sentiment bubbling up on far-right websites  decrying Trump'sassociations with Jews. If the  new president doesn't fulfill all his outlandishpromises, if he doesn't build that wall and deport  millions and cancel foreigndeals and so on, some  of his supporters will look to assign blame. And  some ofhis supporters were folks like the Ku  Klux Klan, which endorsed him. They maywell  think the worst of powerful Jews like yourself.Anti-Semitism is not the fault of the victim,  and Jews shouldn't be heldaccountable for awful  things that other people say and do about us. But  inthose rare instances when we hold positions of  great power, we should bemindful of the responsibility   that entails and do our best not to provokeanti-Semitism or any other sort of ugly behavior.Jared and Ivanka, you have an extraordinary  opportunity to do what is right forAmerica and  what is right for American Jews. If you insist  that the newpresident forcefully and repeatedly   denounce the anti-Semitism evoked in hisname, and if you persuade him to truly separate  his business interests from hiselected office   which he long ago pledged to do  then you will  have helped himrun a cleaner, more respectable  and more tolerant government. And you will helpyour own people in the process.