AUSTIN - Election Day has come and gone but the court battle over Texas'controversial voter-identification law rages on.In documents filed in federal court late last week, the U.S. Justice Departmentargued that not only does the 2011 law violate the voting rights of minorityTexans, but that the elected leaders who pushed the measure known as Senate Bill14 through the Legislature intended to disenfranchise those voters."This discriminatory impact was not merely an unintended consequence of SB 14,"the Justice Department said in its filing. "It was, in part, SB 14's purpose.Compelling evidence establishes that Texas enacted SB 14 at least in partbecause of its detrimental effects on African-American and Hispanic voters."In a rebuttal document, Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton's office flatlyrejected the assertion, saying the Republican-dominated Legislature passed thebill because of public concern over voter fraud that had lingered since thedisputed presidential election of 2000."The baseless narrative promoted by Plaintiffs ignores not only the legislativerecord but also the historical context of S.B. 14, which begins with the 2000election - a watershed moment when many citizens questioned the confidence theyhad in American electoral systems, in light of that year's hotly contestedpresidential election" the attorney general's brief states. "In the aftermath, aconsensus developed that numerous changes needed to be made, including changesto address potential voter fraud."U.S. District Judge Gonzales of Corpus Christi ruled in 2014 that the Texas lawviolates the Voting Rights Act by having an "impermissible effect" on minorityvoters and places an unconstitutional burden on the right to vote.This summer, the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals agreed that the law endangersthe voting rights of blacks and Hispanics and instructed the trial court to fixit.During the recently concluded election cycle, the court ordered the state makeallowances for Texans who could not reasonably obtain an approved form of voterID and it ordered a public education campaign to inform voters of how the lawworks.Paxton office has appealed the case to the U.S. Supreme Court, which since thedeath of Justice Antonin Scalia is seen as evenly split between conservative andliberal factions. President-elect Donald Trump is expected to fill the highcourt's one vacancy after he take office in January.In the latest chapter of the Texas voter ID battle, which began in earnestduring the 2005 legislative session, the Justice Department said Republicanleaders, including then-Gov. Rick Perry and then-Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst pushedfor voter ID because state's fast-growing minority populations overwhelminglysupport Democrats at the ballot box.While outnumbered Democratic lawmakers were able to derail voter ID bills from2005 through 2009, the Justice Department said, Republicans employedextraordinary methods, including changing legislative rules, to win passage whentheir party won super-majorities after the 2010 elections.Abbott's brief said the assertion has doesn't hold up. During the trial, theplaintiffs could not establish that any of Senate Bill 14's backers intended toimpede the voting rights of minorities, his brief said."They have no evidence that any legislator acted with a racially discriminatorypurpose, let alone that S.B. 14's proponents engaged in a silent conspiracy todiscriminate against minority voters," the court document states. "On thecontrary, the record confirms that the Texas Legislature acted to combat voterfraud and safeguard voter confidence."Texas's efforts at mitigating the burden of S.B. 14 on eligible voters can beseen in the fact that plaintiffs found no evidence of a single identifiablevoter whom S.B. 14 will prevent from voting."John C. Moritz covers Texas government and politics for the USA Today Network inAustin. Contact him at John.Moritz@caller.com and follow him on Twitter@JohnnieMo.LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHPUBLICATION-TYPE: NewspaperJOURNAL-CODE: elp