http://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/GLOBAL_milan_120116_istock.jpgWhile U.S. news consumers eat up the endless banquet of tweets served by theincoming Trump administration, Europe nervously awaits a Sunday referendum thatcould remake Italy's system of government.The vote will determine whether Italy maintains a bicameral government, oralters its constitution to strip power from its Senate. The result would allowPrime Minister Matteo Renzi and the country's lower house of government to ramthrough reforms seen as necessary to keeping the country's financial systemsolvent. Renzi has said he would step down if voters reject the reforms.It is considered by many analysts to be the third and possibly most vitalnationalist vote of the year, following the U.K.'s Brexit referendum and theU.S. presidential election.The outcome, either yea or nay, is likely to stir market action across Europe,and potentially much further, on Monday. If voters reject the reforms, analystsexpect an international response potentially heavier than that seen after theU.K.'s June 23 Brexit vote, which sent global markets into a two-day sell-off.IBD'S TAKE: The M in the CAN SLIM trading strategy reminds investors to alwaysbe aware of the market's behavior. It is a task that often requires being alertto key political and economic events on international markets.A "yes" vote would leave Renzi in office and empower his government to enactfinancial reforms, with possible elections occurring later in the year. It wouldfree the European Central Bank to begin trimming its $85 billion per month inbond purchases. The ECB meets on Thursday to determine whether to continue theinitiative beyond its slated March termination.A "no" vote in Italy -- which many believe is the most likely outcome going intothe weekend -- would probably mean Renzi's resignation and a period of politicalinstability as the country decides when to hold elections. The referendum haslargely become a vote for or against Renzi, who many see as attempting to imposeharsh austerity policies to please EU lenders.Those lenders have helped prop up Italy's banks, which Reuters reported areholding $377 billion in bad loans, and are the weak link in Italy'sdeteriorating chain of events.Investors have reportedly stacked up short bets against the banks, assuming theworst in the case of a "no" vote. Reuters on Thursday quoted the chief executiveof Milan's Borsa Italiana, Raffaele Jerusalmi, saying "There are colossal shortpositions on Italy from the U.S. and other countries where big investors arebased."Projections on the potential impact of a "no" vote on Sunday start with aserious weakening of Italy's banking sector. Worst-case scenarios forecast bankfailures and bond, currency and stock market reactions that could open a newphase of the eurozone's economic crisis.Italy's FTSE-MIB index rose 3.5% this week through Thursday, but is down morethan 25% so far this year.RELATED:Despite Market Turmoil, Britain Was Right To BrexitBrexit Fears Weren't Overblown -- They Were Flat Out Wrong