NEW YORK - After Ivanka Trump appeared on CBS's "60 Minutes" wearing a $10,800bracelet from her jewelry line, someone at her company sent photos to fashionwriters to drum up publicity. Criticism erupted over the impropriety ofprofiting off the presidency, and the company apologized.If only the bracelet brouhaha were the end of it.Experts on government ethics are warning President-elect Donald Trump that he'llnever shake suspicions of a clash between his private interests and the publicgood if he doesn't sell off his vast holdings, which include roughly 500companies in more than a dozen countries.They say just the appearance of conflicts is likely to tie up the newadministration in investigations and lawsuits, stoked perhaps by angry tweets."People are itching to sue Donald Trump and stick him under oath," said RichardPainter, chief White House ethics lawyer for President George W. Bush.Trump's company, The Trump Organization, had no comment on the conflicts otherthan a statement reiterating its plans to transfer control of the company tothree of the president-elect's adult children.Painter doesn't think that goes far enough. In a letter to Trump last week, hejoined watchdog groups and lawyers from Democratic and Republicanadministrations in predicting "inescapable" conflicts .A look at five areas where conflicts may arise:NEW HOTELFor use of the government-owned Old Post Office for his new Washington hotel,Trump agreed on annual rent to the government in a contract that was signed morethan three years ago.In addition to base rent, the Trump agreed to annual payments based on variousfinancial measures of how well the hotel is doing. Steven Schooner, a professorof government procurement law at George Washington University who has studiedthe contract, said such payments typically required drawn-out negotiations eachyear."How can anyone expect a government employee to negotiate with the Trump familyat arm's length and treat the Trump family like any other contractor?" Schoonerasks.Schooner thinks Trump should terminate the contract because, even if the Trumpfamily acts honorably, the appearance of a conflict will spread doubt throughoutthe contracting system. Federal rules prohibit government employees and electedofficials from striking contracting deals with the government for just thisreason, though the president is exempted.FOREIGN AFFAIRSTrump's extensive operations abroad raise the possibility that his foreignpolicy could be shaped by his business interests, and vice versa. Trump hasstruck real estate deals in South Korea, the Philippines, Indonesia, Uruguay,Panama, India and Turkey, among other countries.Kenneth Gross, of political law at the firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher &Flom, said Trump's business ties would raise suspicions that he was gettingspecial deals abroad because he was president and that this ran the risk ofviolating the Emolument Clause. That section of the U.S. Constitution forbidspublic officials from receiving gifts from foreign governments andforeign-controlled companies without the consent of Congress."He can't avoid conflicts," said Gross, "unless he sells his assets."TRUMP LENDEROne of Trump's biggest lenders is Deutsche Bank, a German giant in settlementnegotiations with the Department of Justice on its role in the mortgage blowupthat triggered the 2008 financial crisis. The hit to Deutsche could besubstantial, with the government reportedly demanding $14 billion.Will a Justice Department under Trump go easy on the bank? Trump will nominatethe head of that agency, too.One potential response is for Trump to make sure the Deutsche case is handled bycareer civil servants at Justice and that any appointee such as the attorneygeneral is recused.More than 300 positions at Justice are currently held by presidentialappointees.TAX AUDITTrump has cited a long-running audit by the Internal Revenue Service in refusingto release his tax returns. If he is under scrutiny, it's not surprising. In hisOct. 9 debate with Hillary Clinton, Trump confirmed he used a $916 million lossin 1995 to avoid paying federal taxes for years.The president nominates the commissioner of the IRS who, assuming the Senateapproves, serves for five years.