Pennsylvania appears increasingly unlikely to have a statewide recount of itsvotes, diminishing the last long-shot hope by opponents of Donald J. Trump thata review of the ballots could overturn his election as president.In a filing on Saturday, a lawyer for Jill Stein, the Green Party presidentialcandidate, who began the recount bids in Pennsylvania -- as well as in Michiganand Wisconsin -- said ''petitioners are regular citizens of ordinary means'' andcould not afford a $1 million bond payment that was ordered by Pennsylvaniacourts.A lawyer for Ms. Stein's recount campaign indicated on Saturday night that theywere not giving up in Pennsylvania and planned to request that the federalcourts on Monday intervene to order a statewide recount.Lawyers for Pennsylvania Republicans and Mr. Trump had asked a judge on Thursdayto dismiss Ms. Stein's request, saying she had not identified any fraud orillegal activity during the Nov. 8 election.Lawrence J. Tabas, the general counsel of the Republican Party of Pennsylvania,said on Saturday that the withdrawal served as ''recognition'' that theStein-led effort was ''completely without merit,'' and that the decision to dropthe case ''assures that President-elect Trump will be declared the winner by theElectoral College,'' which meets on Dec. 19.Earlier, Ms. Stein had criticized the $1 million bond needed to proceed with arecount. ''This is yet another sign that Pennsylvania's antiquated election lawis stacked against voters,'' she said. ''We will pursue every available remedyto ensure Pennsylvanians can trust what happened in this election.''Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee, trails Mr. Trump by 49,543 votes in thestate, according to data from the Pennsylvania Department of State. As votingresults were updated this week, Mr. Trump's lead in Pennsylvania had shrunk byabout 20,000 votes. Mrs. Clinton would have needed to be declared the winner inall three recount states to overturn the Electoral College result.While the statewide effort was withdrawn, a related campaign to recount votes intargeted precincts in places like Philadelphia is continuing, but it would fallfar short of the statewide recount Ms. Stein had sought.Ms. Stein has gained more traction pushing for recounts in the other twobattleground states, where Mr. Trump leads by narrow margins.Election officials in Wisconsin on Thursday began the task of recounting aboutthree million votes across the state, while continuing to face legal challengesfrom Trump backers.A recount is also pending in Michigan, amid a flurry of litigation, includingopposition from the state's attorney general and Mr. Trump, as well as a federallawsuit from the Stein campaign. The review of the votes there could begin asearly as Tuesday.Ms. Stein is funding the recount bids, having collected $6.9 million as ofSaturday evening. Opponents, though, are concerned that local governments,particularly in Michigan, will end up shouldering millions of dollars in costs.Mrs. Clinton's campaign has played a muted role in the efforts, only passivelyparticipating and paying for lawyers to be present during recounts.Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and in theMorning Briefing newsletter.URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/03/us/jill-stein-pennsylvania-recount.html