During the campaign, Donald Trump said that, if elected, he would actdifferently than he did as a candidate. Perhaps he is waiting until the strokeof noon on Jan. 20 to change his behavior because I don't see much difference aspresident-elect. And that is bad for the country.The new president-elect still tweets as if he were a candidate. Since Nov. 8, hehas made the same kind of outrageous claims he did before the election.Yesterday, he charged that he had won the "so-called popular vote" if you deductthe "millions of people who voted illegally." He also tweeted that there was"serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California - so why isn'tthe media reporting on this?" He offered no proof of his assertions. When Trumpwas a candidate, he refused to promise he would abide by the election resultsbecause the election was rigged. Amazingly, he won the electoral vote and he isstill claiming voter fraud!He also claimed that had the campaign been for the popular vote only, he wouldhave campaigned in only three or four states. And therefore he "would have woneven more easily and convincingly." It seems the gracious, humble Donald Trumpwho spoke right after the election was a temporary aberration. Candidate DonaldTrump has re-emerged.Due to his hair-trigger temperament, he must respond to everybody and everythingwho talks about him. Since the election, he has lambasted the cast of"Hamilton," accused Saturday Night Live of being biased, called the press "thecrooked media" because of news coverage of his business interests, chastisedHillary Clinton for conceding the election and then joining a recount effort,and labeled that recount effort by former presidential candidate Jill Stein as a"Green Party scam."He tweeted his back and forth concerning an upcoming New York Times editorialboard meeting. The meeting was on, then off, then on. Trump blamed the Timessaying they had changed the conditions of the meeting at the last minute. Duringthat several-hour period, he tweeted about how biased the Times was - "theycontinue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone" and that complaints atthe Times were the highest in 15 years. "I can fully understand that - but whyannounce?" Trump tweeted. Then, when the meeting was back on, he announced hewas looking forward to it.A similar incident occurred a couple of days after the election when Trumpcriticized "professional protesters" who were "incited by the media." Then, thenext day, he praised the protesters for having "passion for our great country."It appears that President-elect Trump is as mercurial as candidate Trump.His Cabinet pick process has been so public that it likely will damagereputations. He tweeted that he was considering a particular person - Ben Carson- for a cabinet position, which may make it embarrassing if Carson ultimately isnot chosen. He has paraded his potential appointees before the press with publicinterviews and then allowed his transition team to criticize those who he ispublicly considering. A particular target in this process has been Mitt Romney.Trump has even conducted foreign relations over Twitter, offending even a closeally. He tweeted that he "would like to see Nigel Farage represent Great Britainas their Ambassador to the United States." It is bad form for a national leaderprivately to urge the government of another country to appoint a certain personas an ambassador. It is highly damaging to do so in public. Not surprisingly,the British prime minister was miffed at the suggestion and reacted negatively.I hope Donald Trump does not wait until Jan. 20, or some later date, to startacting presidential. The nation really does not need a president who underminespublic confidence in the electoral process, possesses a quick-triggertemperament, and disparages anyone who disagrees with him. Donald Trump stillhas the potential to be that kind of president, although it looks less and lesslikely he actually will.Richard Davis is a professor of political science at Brigham Young University.He is the author of "The Liberal Soul: Applying the Gospel of Jesus Christ inPolitics." His opinions do not necessarily reflect those of BYU.