WASHINGTON -- Ben Carson, the retired neurosurgeon who ran an outsider'scampaign for the Republican presidential nomination and later backed Donald J.Trump, is likely to be chosen as secretary of housing and urban development,according to a person close to the Trump transition, suggesting that thepresident-elect is seeking diversity in an administration that has started offpredominantly white and male.Mr. Carson would be the first African-American member of Mr. Trump's cabinet --and a familiar face to millions of Americans after a Republican primary campaignin which he briefly soared to the top of the polls.Mr. Trump has begun meeting with a wider array of prospects, either for adviceor as potential cabinet picks. He is also considering Harold Ford Jr., anAfrican-American former Democratic representative from Tennessee, fortransportation secretary or another post, though that process has not yet becomeserious, a Trump official said.Interviewed on Tuesday on the Fox News program ''Your World With Neil Cavuto,''Mr. Carson said the president-elect had offered him multiple positions in hiscabinet. Asked specifically about the housing job, he replied, ''I would saythat it was one of the offers on the table.''Mr. Carson's job prospects had gotten somewhat lost in the recent flurry ofspeculation about key national security positions, as well as his own misgivingsabout his qualifications. But on Tuesday, Mr. Carson thrust himself back intothe spotlight, with an assist from Mr. Trump.''I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD,'' Mr. Trump saidon Twitter, using the acronym for the Department of Housing and UrbanDevelopment. ''I've gotten to know him well -- he's a greatly talented personwho loves people!''In recent days, Mr. Trump has broadened the list of people he is consulting toinclude Michelle Rhee, a former District of Columbia schools chancellor;Representative Tulsi Gabbard, the Hawaii Democrat who is the first Hindu memberof Congress; and Gov. Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina, an Indian-American. Mr.Ford, with whom he has not yet met, is a regular commentator on the MSNBC show''Morning Joe,'' whose host, Joe Scarborough, Mr. Trump regularly calls foradvice.So far, however, his picks have consisted of five white men: Stephen K. Bannonas chief strategist in the White House, Reince Priebus as chief of staff,Senator Jeff Sessions as attorney general, Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn as nationalsecurity adviser, and Representative Mike Pompeo as director of the C.I.A. Mr.Trump is also rumored to be close to naming Gen. James N. Mattis as secretary ofdefense.While not as vocal as other supporters like Rudolph W. Giuliani or Gov. ChrisChristie of New Jersey, Mr. Carson has been a steadfast backer of Mr. Trump. Hewent on television to defend him after the release of an ''Access Hollywood''tape in which Mr. Trump spoke about groping women.But his last job was as director of pediatric neurosurgery at Johns HopkinsUniversity, and he has little background in housing. In the Fox interview, Mr.Carson cited his childhood in Detroit and his experience treating inner-citypatients as qualifications for the job.''I grew up in the inner city,'' he said, ''and have spent a lot of time thereand have dealt with a lot of patients from that area and recognize that wecannot have a strong nation if we have weak inner cities, and we have to getbeyond the promises and start really doing something.''''You know, our inner cities are in terrible shape, and they definitely needsome real attention,'' Mr. Carson continued. ''You know, there have been so manypromises made over the last several decades, and nothing has been done, so itcertainly is something that has been a long-term interest of mine, and I'll bethinking and praying about it seriously over the holiday.''Mr. Carson's remarks were a striking reversal from last week, when a friend ofhis said he had turned down an offer from Mr. Trump to be secretary of healthand human services, citing his lack of experience in running a vast federalbureaucracy.''Dr. Carson feels he has no government experience, he's never run a federalagency,'' his friend Armstrong Williams told The Hill newspaper. ''The lastthing he would want to do was take a position that could cripple thepresidency.''The Department of Housing and Urban Development, which was established byPresident Lyndon B. Johnson in 1965, had 8,416 employees and an annual budget of$32.6 billion as of 2014.On his own Facebook page, Mr. Carson has said he would prefer to remain anoutside adviser to Mr. Trump.''My decision not to seek a cabinet position in the Trump administration hasnothing to do with the complexity of the job, as is being reported by some newsoutlets,'' Mr. Carson said. ''I believe it is vitally important for the Trumpadministration to have many outspoken friends and advisers who are outside ofthe Washington bubble.''The relationship between Mr. Carson and Mr. Trump has had its ups and downs.Before the primaries, when Mr. Carson was riding high in the polls, Mr. Trumpaccused his rival of having a ''pathological temper.'' He based his accusationon a passage in ''Gifted Hands,'' Mr. Carson's autobiography, in which hedescribed having a strong temper and said that when he became angry, ''I grabbedthe nearest brick, rock or stick to bash someone.''During the debates, however, Mr. Trump generally spared Mr. Carson the cuttingremarks he aimed at Jeb Bush and Senator Marco Rubio of Florida.Later, when Mr. Carson endorsed Mr. Trump, he conceded that it was difficult toreconcile the bombastic figure on the trail with what he described as a morethoughtful person behind closed doors.''There's the one you see on the stage,'' Mr. Carson said, ''and there's the onewho's very cerebral, sits there and considers things very carefully.''URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/22/us/politics/donald-trump-close-to-picking-ben-carson-as-housing-secretary.html