I, like everyone else, was concerned, disappointed and disgusted on the dayafter the outcome of the presidential election, but I wasn't holding my breath.Indeed, with so much blame to go around, the question for many must be what nowand where do we go from here?But first let me assure all New Mexicans the Land of Enchantment did not betrayAmerica's democratic principle. New Mexicans gave the Land of Enchantment afresh coat of blue paint as an example for all the dysfunctional, unproductivered states to follow. New Mexico kept its democratic values intact.Second, Donald Trump did not win the presidential election. Hillary Clinton wonthe popular vote. And until our Constitution comes to terms as to what comesfirst in a democratic process, the popular votes or Electoral Colleges; thenation will not have a true democracy. The Republican Party will use theElectoral College because that is only way they can win in rural red states.One of the blames, I feel, should point to the Democratic National Committee.The DNC didn't have a plan B, even though one existed at the time. The truthmight be the Democratic Party lost the executive, the legislature and thejudicial branches of government during the primary elections when the hugecrowds that a Plan B (Bernie Sanders) had begin to disappear and the opposition(Donald Trump) crowds increased, leaving Hillary Clinton addressing small townhall meetings and extracting money from financiers.Indeed, as an octogenarian and a lifelong citizen of the Land of Enchantment, Imight not be around for the next presidential election, so I made the most byvoting straight ticket. That way I will leave the youth of America a legacy thatI did my best to protect their future.Fermin-Fermon TorresLas CrucesGovernment must take extra care in hiringThe current political situation makes it imperative that our local governmentalbodies pay ever closer attention to those they are hiring. This is especiallytrue when the position within the governmental body is a senior administrator.As taxpayers we pay the salaries for these officials, who oftentimes make farmore than we do. When seeking candidates for these positions, care should betaken to ensure that the candidates have the same values as that of ourcommunities. This becomes very difficult to determine when seeking candidatesfrom across the country.The highest insult to us (the citizens of Dona Ana County and New Mexico who payofficials salaries) would be that a candidate is hired who hates us or certainsegments of our population.Connie Armijo,Las Cruces