HIGHLIGHT: Donald Trump picked Sen. Jeff Sessions for attorney general, Rep.Mike Pompeo as CIA chief and Gen. Michael Flynn for national securityadviser.MICHAEL REYNOLDS/EPA LARRY W. SMITH/EPA David Paul Morris/BloombergWASHINGTON - President-elect Donald Trump began filling his Cabinet on Fridaywith stalwarts of the right, signaling with a trio of top national security andlaw enforcement selections that he will aggressively pursue promises he madeduring the campaign that have caused deep anxiety among immigrant and Muslimcommunities.Trump's choices dimmed speculation that he would move to the center as he beginsto govern a nation still deeply fractured and on edge.On Friday, Trump provided some clarity.Trump's attorney general pick, Republican Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama, is ananti-immigration crusader deeply disliked by civil rights activists.The president-elect's choice for national security adviser, retired Lt. Gen.Michael Flynn, is an experienced warrior who has suggested Americans should fearall Muslims.Rep. Mike Pompeo of Kansas, who got the nod for CIA director, broke withcolleagues on the House Benghazi Committee to co-author a minority reportaccusing Hillary Clinton of a cover-up.The picks renewed the rancor Trump set off earlier in the week when he named ashis top White House strategist Stephen Bannon, the media executive who hasaligned himself with white nationalists.They presaged a contentious start to the Trump administration, with Democratsand civil rights activists  vowing to use Senate hearings to put the spotlighton the controversial pasts of the selections who must be confirmed, whichinclude Sessions and Pompeo.Trump advisers and GOP lawmakers moved quickly to highlight moments in thecareers of the men when they worked with colleagues across the aisle."If you have nostalgia for the days when blacks kept quiet, gays were in thecloset, immigrants were invisible and women stayed in the kitchen, Sen.Jefferson Beauregard Sessions is your man," Rep. Luis Gutierrez, D-Ill., said ina statement. Sessions, 69, was one of the earliest and most enthusiastic backersof Trump's presidential bid. If confirmed to be attorney general, Sessions wouldlead an agency that under President Barack Obama has waded aggressively intocivil rights issues, particularly after the unrest sparked by the killings ofblack men by police officers in recent years.Sessions' Republican colleagues quickly closed ranks around him Friday,suggesting a confirmation is likely. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ofKentucky praised him, pointing to how Sessions has collaborated with some of theSenate's most liberal lawmakers on legislation.Incoming Senate Democratic Leader Charles  Schumer of New York warned that hiscordial relationship with Sessions, with whom he exercises at the gym, does notgive the attorney general nominee a pass on tough questioning. The appointmentof Flynn, which does not require Senate confirmation, raised similar concerns ofracial and ethnic animosity. Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., a senior member of theSenate Intelligence Committee, put Flynn in the same category as Bannon, sayingthe two embody Trump's "most divisive rhetoric.". In February, Flynn tweeted a YouTube video that says all Muslims should befeared and lists bombings perpetrated by Muslims. "Fear of Muslims is RATIONAL:please forward this to others: the truth fears no questions," Flynn wrote."He is familiar with the complex set of security challenges we face," Sen. JackReed, D-R.I., the ranking member of the Armed Services Committee, said in astatement. "And President-elect Trump does not have a lot of experience in thisarena." But Reed also expressed concern with comments Flynn made "in the heat ofthe campaign."Pompeo, a former Army officer and aerospace executive, was elected as part ofthe 2010 tea party wave election.  He has defended as legal the CIA'swaterboarding and other torture, which Trump has said he wants to bring backover the objections of military and intelligence leaders.Pompeo's nomination to run the CIA "is profoundly disturbing," Glenn Carle, aformer senior officer who was involved in the CIA's interrogation and detentionprogram, said in a telephone interview from Dubai.Carle, who spent 23 years as a spy before retiring in 2007, has criticized theagency's brutal treatment of detainees.Democrats took a less hostile posture toward Pompeo than Trump's otherselections. The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, Rep. AdamSchiff of California, called Pompeo "very bright and hardworking." Meanwhile,Rep. Bill Shuster, R-Pa., head of the House transportation committee, told TheAssociated Press that Trump likes the idea of spinning off air traffic controloperations from the government and placing them under the control of a private,nonprofit corporation chartered by Congress.Shuster said he spoke to Trump about the idea several times both before andduring the presidential election.Los Angeles Times' Brian Bennett and Del Quentin Wilber contributed.evan.halper@latimes.com