Perhaps more than at any time since the Cold War, Kremlinologists are workingovertime to decode Russia -- galvanized, in part, by Donald Trump's election asthe next U.S. president.Many analysts have expressed deep concern that Russian muscle-flexing --bellicose moves on its western front, an aggressive military intervention inSyria and an international trail of cyber-provocation -- represents a clearchallenge to the United States and its allies in Europe and elsewhere. Such anenvironment, they note, could pose particular peril for an untested Americanleader.But there is also a contrarian view: that after a deep freeze inRussian-American relations during part of President Obama's tenure, Trump'savowed deal-making bent and evident readiness to personally engage RussianPresident Vladimir Putin could produce a thaw with the potential to lessen,rather than exacerbate, global tensions on a range of issues.Much will depend on what Russia wants.What is Putin saying publicly about the incoming administration?He's been conciliatory. In his annual state of the nation address delivered froman ornate assembly room in the Kremlin on Thursday, Putin avoided the harshreferences to Washington and its allies that are often a hallmark of suchhigh-profile ceremonial speeches. Instead, he focused on Russia's domesticchallenges and painted his own government as averse to international friction."We don't want confrontation with anyone -- we don't need it," official newsoutlets quoted him as telling an assemblage of Russian political elite. "We arenot seeking, and have never sought, enemies. We need friends."What are Putin's priorities?In a word: respect. Like Trump, Putin derives fervent popular support from thetheme of national greatness. The Russian leader bristles at any deviation fromthe narrative of Russian might, even if a long-feared empire is now seen by mostoutsiders as a nation in decline -- albeit a very dangerous, nuclear-armed one.Putin "wants the U.S. to treat Russia as an equal partner, in spite of theobvious disparity in factors like the economy and conventional military strengthand the technology gap," said Simon Saradzhyan, who heads the Russian Mattersproject at Harvard's Belfer Center. "He wants the same thing he essentiallywanted from Obama: that the U.S. acknowledge that Russia is a great power thatmust have a say in all important decisions that affect the regions that surroundit."But while Trump's unscripted outpourings may appear to augur a friendship withPutin, analysts point out that the Obama "reset" with Russia at the start of histenure foundered. The Russian relationship with George W. Bush also turned tensedespite gestures like Putin's sympathy call after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.In other words, substantive issues may soon intervene.What are Russia's main points of contention with the West?From Russia's point of view, the country is more threatened than threatening.Moscow has railed against the expansion of the North Atlantic TreatyOrganization and by American development of long-range ballistic weapons systemsthat could put Russia's defenses within reach.The West, for its part, denounced Putin's push into Ukraine and punished his2014 annexation of the Crimean peninsula with sanctions.The firepower Russia has brought to bear in propping up Syrian President BasharAssad set in motion one of the bloodiest chapters of Syria's catastrophic civilwar, the battle for eastern Aleppo.In the latest of a series of scathing diplomatic rebukes, the United Nations'humanitarian coordinator, Stephen O'Brien, said Wednesday that theRussian-backed Syrian government risked turning rebel-held parts of thecontested city into "one giant graveyard."What are some issues to watch?During the campaign, Trump said he would "be looking at" accepting Crimea asRussian territory -- but the conversation centered on an interview in which itwas unclear he was aware the peninsula had been annexed by Putin. In his speech,Putin reiterated that Russia would not tolerate "infringement" of its interests,and his diplomats have warned against any tightening of sanctions.On Syria, Trump's views might not diverge so greatly from Putin's. Thepresident-elect has signaled a rollback of support for moderate rebel factionsseeking to topple Assad, and has not insisted, as Obama has, that the Syrianleader must be removed or step aside. In his speech, Putin defended Russia'sactions in Syria as a fight against terrorism: "That is the task our servicemenin Syria are fulfilling," he said.What are possible grounds for common cooperation?Putin said in his nationally televised address that global terrorism was acommon enemy."We are ready to cooperate with the new U.S. administration," he said.Trump has already indicated he is amenable to joining forces with Russia againstthe militants of Islamic State. Analysts note other points of overlappinginterests including nuclear security and nonproliferation.What's worrying Putin at home?Fiscal woes, for one thing. The Russian economy shrank in 2015, hit by fallingoil prices and Western sanctions, and Putin is struggling to contain inflation.Experts say Russia badly needs to modernize its economy, which is heavilydependent on energy resources."Russia is a 'one-crop economy' with corrupt institutions and seriousdemographic and health problems," analyst and author Joseph Nye wrote in asymposium commissioned by the foreign affairs magazine the National Interest andCarnegie Corp. of New York.In his speech Thursday, Putin called for regulatory reform that would helpbusiness overall, and greater development incentives in the lagging high-techsector.What has Trump said about Russia?On that topic, personality has trumped policy. At rallies, in interviews and onthe debate stage, Trump made repeated admiring references to Putin's "strong"style of governance, contrasting it with what he characterized as dangerousweakness on the part of his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton. A recurringtheme was Trump's assertion that Putin had called him "brilliant," althoughRussian-language experts told the fact-checking organization PolitiFact that theword in question, yarkii, would be more accurately translated as "colorful."What about Putin's political future?A former KGB agent, Putin has been in power since 2000, alternating between theprime minister's post and the presidency, with a governing style that runs tosteely charisma, autocratic tactics and the ruthless crushing of politicalopponents.Russia's next presidential elections are in 2018, and analysts like Saradzhyansaw clear indications Putin intends to seek another term. In the speech, Putinrepeatedly referred to planned development and economic initiatives that wouldtake place in 2019.Like many leaders from Russia's imperial past, he sees his own personal fortunesas deeply entwined with those of the state. Thursday's speech brought an echo ofthat, as he told compatriots, "We want to take charge of our own destiny."--laura.king@latimes.comTwitter: @laurakingLAT