Scientists urge Clinton recountHillary Clinton's campaign is being urged by a number of top computer scientiststo call for a recount of vote totals in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania,according to a source with knowledge of the request.The computer scientists believe they have found evidence that vote totals in thethree states could have been manipulated or hacked and presented their findingsto top Clinton aides on a call last Thursday.The scientists, among them J. Alex Halderman, the director of the University ofMichigan Center for Computer Security and Society, told the Clinton campaignthey believe there is a questionable trend of Clinton performing worse incounties that relied on electronic voting machines compared to paper ballots andoptical scanners, according to the source.The group told John Podesta, Clinton's campaign chairman, and Marc Elias, thecampaign's general counsel, that while they had not found any evidence ofhacking, the pattern needs to be looked at by an independent review.Judge who warned new citizens will retire - A federal magistrate judge in SanAntonio who told people at a citizenship swearing-in ceremony that they "need togo to another country" if they object to Donald Trump's presidency now plans toretire next year.The San Antonio Express-News reports that U.S. Magistrate Judge John Primomodisclosed his plans in a letter Tuesday to Western District federal judges andthe 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. On Monday, the district judges barredPrimomo from presiding over future naturalization ceremonies.Primomo has said his words were meant to be unifying and respectful of thepresidency, not political. He added he didn't vote for Trump.University officer shot in Detroit - An officer who works for Wayne StateUniversity in Detroit was shot in the head while on duty Tuesday near the campusand was in critical condition, officials said.The officer, a five-year veteran, was on patrol when he radioed, saying he wasinvestigating possible thefts of navigation systems from cars and SUVs, and wasabout to speak to someone apparently on a bike, James Craig said.Officers who arrived on the scene found the officer injured on the ground, Craigsaid. The officer was in critical condition at a local hospital, officials said.Zika-related defect may appear after birth - Researchers say a severe birthdefect caused by Zika infection may not be apparent at birth but develop monthsafterward, further confirmation that the virus can cause unseen damage todeveloping babies.The findings come from a study of 13 Brazilian babies whose heads all appearednormal at birth but then grew much more slowly than normal.The babies had heads that were a little small at birth, but within the normalrange. Eventually, 11 were diagnosed with microcephaly, in which a baby's skullis much smaller than expected because the brain hasn't developed properly.From news servicesLOAD-DATE: November 26, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHGRAPHIC:  This Nov. 21, 2016 photo provided by the Michigan Attorney General'soffice shows former USA Gymnastics team doctor Larry Nassar, who pleaded notguilty Tuesday, Nov. 22, 2016, to three counts of first-degree criminal sexualconduct in his home with a girl under 13. Nassar, who was arrested Monday whilerunning an errand, was arraigned by video from jail. (Michigan AttorneyGeneral's office via AP)  Dr. Larry Nassar appears during a video arraignment inMason, Mich., Tuesday, Nov. 22, 2016. Nassar, a former USA Gymnastics teamdoctor, has pleaded not guilty to three counts of first-degree criminal sexualconduct in his Michigan home with a girl aged 6 to 12. Nassar was arrestedMonday. (AP Photo/David Eggert)  FILE - In this July 15, 2008, file photo, Dr.Larry Nassar works on the computer after seeing a patient in Michigan. Nassar, aformer USA Gymnastics team doctor, was charged Monday, Nov. 21, 2016, withfirst-degree criminal sexual conduct in Michigan involving a child under 13.(Becky Shink/Lansing State Journal via AP, File)PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper