Police surround the body of a suspect at Ohio State. "We prepare for situationslike this, but we hope we never have one," school President Michael Drake said.attack A young in man Columbus participates , Ohio, in on a Monday vigil after .the car-and-knifeMADISON Green Party candidate Jill Stein continued her quest Monday for arecount of the presidential election but was thwarted Monday by the WisconsinElections Commission, which rejected her request to require a count by hand.Stein quickly responded that she would sue and also filed a lawsuit inPennsylvania to force a recount there, and her supporters began filing recountrequests at the precinct level. Initial results showed Republican Donald Trumpahead of Democrat Hillary Clinton by 70,638 votes.The commission set a timetable Monday for a recount of the presidentialelection.Stein - who received just a tiny piece of the vote - also plans to ask for arecount in Michigan on Wednesday,according to Mark Brewer, former chairman of the Michigan Democratic Party andlawyer for Stein.Michigan's Board of Canvassers certified its election results Monday afternoon,showing Trump won the presidential race by a 10,704-vote margin over Clinton.The certification made the election results official, but it also started the48-hour clock for Stein to seek a recount.Stein, who has raised more than $6.3 million online to pay for recounts inWisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan, she's not requesting the recounts becauseshe thinks they will change the outcome of the presidential race. Instead, shesaid in a video on her Facebook page, that she picked the three states where thevote was the closest to ensure the integrity of the election.The Clinton campaign announced Saturday that it will participate in theWisconsin recount to ensure fairness.Trump called the effort a "scam" aimed at filling the Green Party's "coffers."In addition, Trump alleged in a tweet that there was "serious voter fraud" inVirginia, New Hampshire and California and blamed the media for not reporting onit. on campus. Run Hide Fight. Watts Hall. 19th and College" the university'semergency management agency tweeted within minutes of the attack. "Run hidefight" is emergency protocol used to warn people to flee if possible, hide fromthe shooter and, if all else fails, fight for your life.Stone said it did not immediately appear that the attacker used a gun. Thealert, however, apparently was sent after the suspect was fatally shot.A short time later, the agency tweeted a warning to "Continue to shelter inplace in north campus area. Follow directions of Police on scene."A SWAT team, K-9 and bomb squad units and scores of law enforcement officialsdescended on the sprawling campus. Less than two hours after the first alert,university police said the shelter-in-place order was lifted and the "scene wassecure." Classes were canceled for the rest of the day."We prepare for situations like this, but we hope we never have one," schoolPresident Michael Drake said.Student Harrison Roth tweeted a picture from inside a classroom, with chairsstacked up to block the door."I'm safe in a barricaded room," he said in the tweet. "If you're on campus, getin a room and stay safe."Freshman Meredith Johnson, 19, was in a psychology class when the universityalert popped up on her teacher's screen. The teacher and students thought itmight have been a scam, she said. "Three or four minutes later, we got thetext," Johnson said. "Stay indoors. Active shooter. That's when I startedfreaking out."Peterson Pierre, a junior biochemistry major, said he woke up to the campusalert. He and his roommate decided to go outside and see what was happening."We saw a body covered with a white sheet," Pierre said.Other students hunkered down in their apartments, waiting for the threat topass."It's honestly kind of terrifying because I was at home and away from my phoneat the time," said Jenny Chen, who stayed in her apartment about two blocks fromWatts Hall, listed on the school's website as a Materials Science andEngineering building."I got flooded with messages ... asking me if I was safe, and I didn't evenrealize this was happening," said Chen, a senior. "Now I'm just scrambling tomake sure that people I know are safe as well."Victoria Morishita, a senior studying logistics management, said she was offcampus, but her phone quickly loaded with texts from people near the scene."I was scared because it happened near our CBEC and business building and a lotof my friends were there," she said.Facebook activated its safety check, entitled "The Violent Incident in Columbus,Ohio," allows those in the area to mark themselves "safe," "unsafe" or "outsidethe affected area" with the click of a button. Users can also invite friends tomark their safety status.Tinae Contributing A. Bluitt : Walbert ; Gregory Castillo Korte; ;Sophia Tulp; Cincinnati Enquirer