President-elect Donald J. Trump said on Tuesday that he had no intention ofpressing for an investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private emailserver or the financial operations of her family's foundation, dropping the''lock her up'' pledge that became a rallying cry for his campaign for the WhiteHouse.Mr. Trump, who branded his rival ''Crooked Hillary'' and said she would go tojail if he were president, said in an interview with reporters and editors atThe New York Times that he was no longer interested in pursuing Mrs. Clinton, inpart because he wanted to heal the wounds of a divisive campaign.''I don't want to hurt the Clintons, I really don't,'' Mr. Trump said during theinterview. ''She went through a lot and suffered greatly in many different ways,and I am not looking to hurt them at all. The campaign was vicious.''His reversal on prosecuting Mrs. Clinton was particularly striking given theoutsize role the issue played during the presidential campaign, in which her useof a private email server as secretary of state became a prominent theme, andone she has blamed for her loss to Mr. Trump.Mr. Trump said he wanted to ''move forward'' from the subject. Withoutelaborating, he said that ''we'll have people that do things,'' perhaps areference to the F.B.I. or Republicans who might continue to press forprosecutions in the email or foundation cases. But the president-elect madeclear that he would not seek to pursue an investigation himself nor make it apriority after he assumes office.The decision angered some of his most fervent supporters, who immediatelycriticized his seeming change of heart.''Broken Promise,'' blared the headline on Breitbart News, a conservative newssite that has strongly backed Mr. Trump.''It's not something that I feel very strongly about,'' Mr. Trump said at TheTimes, unlike health care or immigration. ''This has been a very painful periodof time.''Clinton aides did not respond to a request for comment about Mr. Trump'sremarks.During their second debate, Mr. Trump turned to Mrs. Clinton and vowed, ''If Iwin, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor tolook into your situation, because there's never been so many lies, so muchdeception.''After Mr. Trump's turnaround on Tuesday, the conservative commentator AnnCoulter, one of his staunchest supporters during the campaign, suggested onTwitter that Mr. Trump was overstepping his role.''Whoa! I thought we elected @realDonaldTrump president,'' she wrote. ''Did wemake him the FBI, & DOJ? His job is to pick those guys, not do their jobs.''Tom Fitton, president of Judicial Watch, a conservative advocacy group that hasbeen a relentless critic of Mrs. Clinton, said on Tuesday that it would be amistake for Mr. Trump to drop the threat of appointing a special counsel to lookinto her email use.Mr. Fitton said that although the F.B.I. had already investigated the mattertwice, that inquiry was flawed. His group has gained access to thousands ofpages of Mrs. Clinton's State Department emails through lawsuits and is pressingits case in court even after her defeat.Representative Jason Chaffetz, a Utah Republican who leads the House Oversightand Government Reform Committee, said last week on Fox News that his committeewould continue to investigate the matter as well because ''we've got to get tothe truth.'' Mr. Chaffetz's office said on Tuesday he was unavailable forcomment about Mr. Trump's statements.Although the F.B.I.'s email investigation is closed, the agency still has anopen inquiry into the Clinton Foundation. That inquiry began after the 2015publication of ''Clinton Cash,'' a book by Peter Schweizer that asserted thatsome foreign entities had given money to the foundation in return for StateDepartment favors when Mrs. Clinton was there. The Clintons have denied theassertions.The F.B.I. and Justice Department conduct their criminal investigations largelyindependently from the White House, so Mr. Trump cannot tell agents to closetheir cases. A president ordering the F.B.I. to stop a politically sensitivecase would be a major scandal.''It does seem like an extraordinary breach of protocol for him to get involvedin that decision,'' Glen A. Kopp, a former federal prosecutor in New York, saidof the president-elect. ''I know of no recent circumstances when the presidentordered an attorney general not to pursue a criminal matter.''If, as president, Mr. Trump were to order the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey,to close the foundation inquiry, Mr. Comey could choose to rebuff him. F.B.I.directors are given 10-year terms to insulate them from political pressure, butthe president still has the power to fire a director, as President Bill Clintondid with William S. Sessions in 1993 after a Justice Department investigationuncovered ethical abuses by Mr. Sessions.In an interview last week with CBS News's ''60 Minutes,'' Mr. Trump said he hadnot yet decided whether to dismiss Mr. Comey over his handling of the Clintonemail investigation, saying the director ''may have had very good reasons fordoing what he did.''As a practical matter, though, Mr. Trump's remarks will probably have littleimpact. The investigation into Mrs. Clinton's emails is already closed and,while the one into her family's foundation remains open, senior F.B.I. officialsand career Justice Department officials have said there is little evidencejustifying moving forward with a case. When the case comes up for review, senioragents and prosecutors may decide to shut it down, but it will not be because ofMr. Trump's remarks.While the president-elect's decision is likely to frustrate investigators at theF.B.I., who are fiercely protective of their independence to follow the factsthey uncover, some legal experts applauded Mr. Trump's decision to not pursueinvestigations into Mrs. Clinton's emails or her family foundation.Rory K. Little, a professor at the University of California Hastings College ofthe Law, said he was inclined to support both moves by Mr. Trump. A decision toshut down an investigation, he said, ''is not out of step with constitutionalconstraints,'' as the Constitution gives the president the power to issuepardons for federal crimes.Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and in theMorning Briefing newsletter.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/22/us/politics/donald-trump-hillary-clinton-investigation.html