We hadn't seen Bernie Sanders in Philadelphia since last July, when he watchedhis primary opponent, Hillary Clinton, win the Democratic Party's nomination.Sanders joined the "Democracy Now!" news hour this week at the historicPhiladelphia Free Library for a wide-ranging discussion. "I am deeply concernedabout the future of American democracy," Sanders told the enthusiastic,standing-room-only crowd. Millions of Americans voted for Sanders in theprimaries. He transformed the 2016 U.S. presidential election, inspiring andengaging people with a progressive vision for the future, with little help fromthe media.The networks have engaged in endless "mea culpas" in the election's aftermath,contrite about their reliance on faulty polls. Rarely do you hear a newspersonality on television admitting that they failed miserably in covering theSanders campaign. The U.S. media effectively iced out a major party candidatewho consistently held the largest rallies, even without a media megaphone.Donald Trump received blanket coverage. His every move, every tweet, almost allhis speeches were covered across the networks. The U.S. corporate media madecandidate Donald Trump. Estimates of the free airtime he received vary from $1billion to as high as $3billion.What about Bernie Sanders? The Tyndall Report analyzed major-network campaigncoverage in 2015. In over 1,000 minutes of national broadcast television airtimedevoted to all the campaigns, Donald Trump received 327 minutes, or close toone-third of all the campaign coverage. Bernie Sanders received just 20 minutes.Hillary Clinton got 121 minutes of campaign coverage, six times the amountSanders received. "ABC World News Tonight" aired 81 minutes of reports on DonaldTrump, compared with just 20 seconds for Sanders.I asked Sanders what he did to warrant a full 20 seconds of coverage on ABC, andhe threw his head back, laughing out loud. "We had the misfortune of actuallytrying to talk about the problems facing America and providing real solutions,"he said, offering his take on the media's failure. "Trump was tweeting out abouthow ugly or horrible or disgusting or terrible his opponents were, in reallyugly terms. Perfect for the media. That is a great 12-second sound bite. But totalk about why the middle class is in decline or why we have massive levels ofincome and wealth inequality can't be done in 12 seconds. And second of all,it's not something that they are, frankly, terribly interested in." While themedia may not have been interested in Sanders' message, the voters were. Despitethe media blackout, Sanders won 23 primary contests and 46 percent of thepledged Democratic delegates.After President Barack Obama leaves office, Sanders may well become the mostpowerful Democrat in the country, even though he is not technically a Democrat,but an independent socialist. His success has catapulted him into the Democraticleadership of the Senate. "I accept this responsibility as outreach chair with alot of trepidation, but also with excitement. The current approach clearly isnot succeeding, and we need a new approach ... to create a 50-state strategy.That means we start playing ball in states that the Democrats have concededdecades ago. But more importantly, we create a kind of grass-roots party, wherethe most important people in the party are not just wealthy campaigncontributors, but working people, young people, people in the middle class." Itis also why he is supporting Keith Ellison's candidacy to be chairperson of theDemocratic National Committee. Ellison is the co-chair of the CongressionalProgressive Caucus and also happens to be the first Muslim member of Congress.Sanders cautions against maligning all Trump supporters. "It would be a tragicmistake to believe that everybody who voted for Donald Trump is a 'deplorable.'They're not. These are people who are disgusted, and they are angry at theestablishment. And the Democratic Party has not been clear enough, in my view,about telling those people ... that we are on their side."Bernie Sanders has transformed his campaign into a group called "OurRevolution," to continue organizing. "Where we are now is in a difficultmoment," he summed up as our Philadelphia conversation was ending. "Butthroughout history, serious people have fought back. ... Think about 120 yearsago. There were children working in factories, losing their fingers. Peoplefought back. They fought to create unions. Think about the women's movement.Think about the civil rights movement. Think about the gay rights movement.Think about the environmental. Think about all of the hurdles that those folkshad to overcome. ... Nobody in this room or in this country has a right to say'I give up.' You've got to jump in and start fighting."Bernie Sanders has spent his life fighting for progressive causes. As the worldbraces for the Trump presidency, Sanders shows no signs of slowing down.Amy Goodman is the host of "Democracy Now!" Denis Moynihan is an author andresearcher.Goodman/Moynihan