Donald Trump's victory in the presidential race, often cited as a boon tofree-market health care, doesn't mean drugmakers are free of scrutiny overprices, an industry leader said.U.S. pharmaceutical shares rose after the defeat of Democratic candidate HillaryClinton, who had vowed to go after companies' "gouging. Yet if more pricingscandals emerge like the one that beset Mylan's EpiPen, President-elect Trumpcould be more "vicious than Clinton, Allergan Chief Executive Officer BrentSaunders said Thursday."I worry today that the pharmaceutical industry has a very false sense of reliefor security because of a Trump administration and Republican-controlledCongress, he said at the Forbes Healthcare Summit in New York. "To think thatPresident-elect Trump isn't a populist, that he won't jump on the next EpiPenscandal and tweet more than Hillary Clinton tweeted or anyone else, because he'sa prolific tweeter, you're fooling yourself.Over the past 18 months, drug companies like Mylan and Valeant PharmaceuticalsInternational Inc., along with pharmaceutical executives such as Martin Shkreli,have become symbols of rising health care costs. Mylan CEO Heather Bresch, whoalso spoke at the conference, defended the price of EpiPen, saying that thecompany invested in the emergency allergy shot's design and increasing access."The next big scandal will revive the debate and probably then some, Saunderssaid. As president, Trump "will be more vicious, more focused, on taking downwhoever does something again.Trump hasn't been shy about attacking firms to force changes and score politicalpoints. He's claimed victory for pushing Carrier Corp. to keep 1,000 jobs in theU.S., rather than moving them to Mexico, for instance.And attacking rising drug prices had been a bipartisan venture. Hearings thatbrought executives like Shkreli and Mylan's Bresch to Washington over the costsof their products were called by Republicans. During his campaign, Trumpcriticized the high cost of prescription drugs, saying individuals should beallowed to import cheaper pharmaceuticals from abroad. His transition website,though, doesn't mention drug costs.Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders has been a foe of high drug prices as well, slammingfirms on Twitter and campaigning in California for an unsuccessful ballotmeasure that had promised to lower drug costs in that state. Clinton, meanwhile,last year sent the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index into free fall with a single tweetdenouncing "price gouging. In August, Mylan's shares plummeted minutes after shecalled for lower prices on EpiPen.Allergan CEO Saunders has urged the industry to do more to help patients withthe cost of drugs. His company in September said it would limit price increasesand would avoid "price gouging actions or predatory pricing.Allergan shares have slumped 39 percent this year, while the Standard & Poor's500 Index gained 7.6 percent, partly hurt by industrywide concerns over drugpricing and pressure on makers of generics.While saying it's too early to comment on Trump's choice of Republican Rep. TomPrice of Georgia for Health and Human Services Secretary, Saunders said he'soptimistic given Price's experience as a surgeon."It's a positive for health care in general and the pharmaceutical industry inparticular to have someone who has practiced medicine in the post, he said in aninterview after speaking at the conference.Saunders said he isn't interested in acquiring either of two Valeant units thathave been involved in discussions or speculation, the Salix gastrointestinaldrug business and the Bausch and Lomb eye-care division. Saunders was Bausch &Lomb's chief executive from 2010 to 2013."They just don't fit" Allergan's strategy, he said.