Support the Automatic Voter Registration billThe Better Government Association is encouraging lawmakers in the Illinois Houseto revive and support Senate Bill 250, an important election reform bill. Thatincludes Rep. Sara Wojcicki Jimenez who voted for SB250 earlier this year. BGAthanks her for her past support.Automatic Voter Registration would make our voter rolls more accurate and secureby providing for electronic transfer of election information in a seamlessprocess that is less error prone for voters, agency staff and electionofficials. It saves taxpayer money and makes voter registration more convenientso more eligible voters can participate in our democracy.AVR was drafted in an open fashion, including input from key stakeholders suchas county clerks, the State Board of Elections and the Secretary of State'soffice, as well as both Democratic and Republican leaders. It passed with strongbipartisan majorities in the Senate and House, and the support of over 50organizations. Nevertheless, Gov. Bruce Rauner vetoed AVR in early August.Senators have voted to overturn the AVR veto. We hope that the House will do soas well during the closing days of the veto session. When AVR originally passedin the House, Jimenez voted yes and we hope that she will continue to supportAVR.Illinois has the opportunity to join other states at the forefront of AVRreform. Read more about it at the Brennan Center for Justice website. Andencourage your lawmaker to vote, once again, for S B250.Judy StevensPolicy Manager at the Better Government AssociationNo consensus on how to change election processAs is usual after a presidential election, people are complaining about theresults and the electoral college. People are arguing that if we are a truedemocracy, the popular vote should rule.The constitution writers set up the electoral college because they did notbelieve, given the level of communication at the time, that citizens of onestate would know potential leaders from other states. They set up a system whereeach state would select some of its leaders, proportionate to the population ofeach state, to select the president. Within a half-century, political partieswere nominating slates of candidates for elector, pledged to their party'snominee for president, and usually the candidate who carried a state would getall that state's electoral votes.Because of this procedure, candidates concentrate their campaigning in stateswhere they have a chance to win, rather than wasting resources where there is nodoubt about the outcome. If we used just the popular votes, candidates wouldcampaign in all states. Even the experts cannot foretell what outcome we couldexpect under such an arrangement.After close elections, there is a groundswell to change the electoral process.But there seems to be no consensus on how to do it. I agree we should usepopular vote, but to accomplish that we would need to have the federalgovernment run the election, set uniform standards, etc. Most people probablyaren't ready for that. And do we elect the candidate with the most votes, evenif that person gets less than 50 percent of the total?Robert GruenChatham