The morning after Donald Trump won the presidential election, Paul Bogaardsawoke with "a feeling of despair and dread or worse." The director of publicrelations at Knopf Doubleday emailed that to his staff; he also told them thatif they needed to they could take the day off but that he was going to work."I believe all of us, in the work that we do, have a role to play in thecontinuation of our great democracy," he wrote in that email. "It is good toboth question and challenge who and what we are and what we stand for as apeople and nation, and one of the best places to do that has always been withinthe pages of a book and free press."Bogaards' message about the power of books was meant to fend off a sense offoreboding widely shared in New York literary and publishing circles. By andlarge, people in publishing had expected Hillary Clinton to win the presidency.Mainstream publishing "exists in a bubble, in the same way that the media existsin a bubble," Bogaards told The Times."We are, for the most part, a bastion of the liberal elite," he added. ThatTrump will be president of the United States has shaken that community to thecore.The initial sense of despair was also shared by the small magazines andpublishers that consider themselves explicitly left wing and that might, in aTrump-centric America, find themselves politically and culturally marginalized.Johnny Temple, publisher of Akashic Books, happened to spend Nov. 9, the dayafter the election, at a sales meeting for a distributor whose clients includemany leftist presses. He described a "surreal depression" among everyone inattendance.Temple is gritting his teeth and carrying on and not just with nonfiction thattouches on politics. "I feel like our literature by Caribbean authors is maybemore important than it was a month ago," he said, adding that he thought morediverse voices in books would be one way to heal the divide."Pretty grim" is how Dayna Tortorici, co-editor of the small leftistintellectual magazine n+1, described the mood in its offices in Brooklyn. "We'restill reeling." n+1 had been in the middle of closing an issue when the resultscame in late on Nov. 8 -- and stopped. Several articles were predicated on theexpectation of a Clinton presidency."It's impossible to say what the future holds, but we will continue to protectthe intellectual and political tradition that we see ourselves as a part of,"Tortorici said. "But there's also a more urgent political imperative to resistthis and take care of each other."Other magazines caught off guard by Clinton's loss were luckier. "For better orfor worse, we're lucky we're a quarterly," said Michael Kazin, editor in chiefof Dissent. The magazine's editorial board is holding an emergency meeting tofigure out how to approach the new state of America."As we know from election returns, our readership and our support isconcentrated in metropolitan areas and university towns," Kazin said. "I thinkwe should be having more discussions about how to reach progressives who don'tlive in very progressive, very blue areas of the country."Verso Books, a small press that explicitly identifies as Marxist, said itcertainly felt galvanized to an anti-Trump cause. "We went into mobilizationmode," said Anne Rumberger, the press's marketing manager.On Nov. 9, Verso Books held a flash panel in its office, "Trump's America andAnti-Fascist Organizing." The panelists were the sort of leftist activists andintellectuals who make up Verso's core audience, writers for the Nation andJacobin. About 80 people attended, Rumberger said, but its reach was wider: Alivestream was viewed some 20,000 times.The publisher also plans to put out a responsive e-book as soon as possible.Rumberger said the press was focused on making its work more "accessible." Versowants to publish "political analysis that's accessible, that speaks to[Americans] in this moment."Print publishing moves at such a snail's pace that none of the magazines orpresses I spoke with has specific plans for new books or issues devoted to theTrump phenomenon. But there were, already, less than a week after the election,signs that certain titles in these publishers' back catalogs were becoming morepopular than in the past. John Oakes, co-founder of OR Books, said that alreadyhis company had seen a rise in sales for its book "Beautiful Trouble: A Toolboxfor Revolution." It is an anthology describing the techniques of well-regardedactivists.From Oakes' perspective, the new energy in the streets is encouraging. He citesthe large protests that have occurred in many major American cities since theelection. "I'm not saying it was worth the cost [of a Trump presidency]," hesaid. Still, "there is that thrilling sense of mobilization."Oakes added that older liberals will remember a similar sense of doom afterRonald Reagan's landslide win in 1980. But he said he also remembers feelingdisconnected from other progressives then in a way he does not now. He believesthat there will be threats to the 1st Amendment, that sometimes leftistpublishing will be "a flea in the face of a monsoon.""And I really don't want to sound heroic," Oakes said, "[but] we're absolutelyready for the fight."Mainstream publishing likely agrees with him on that point. "You move throughthe world with vigilant optimism, that is the nature of publishing," Bogaardssaid. "It has always armed people with ideas, and ideas lead to options, andoptions lead to action."