Of all the disturbing scenes in the presidential campaign, the RepublicanConvention speech by retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn stood out. During a fieryaddress in which he lamented the decline of American exceptionalism andlambasted the Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton, General  Flynn joined thecrowd in chants of ''lock her up!'' Smiling slyly, he shouted: ''Yeah, that'sright, lock her up!''It was grotesque, but not entirely surprising for a military intelligenceveteran who has earned a reputation for hotheadedness and poor judgment.Americans of all political backgrounds should be alarmed that General Flynn willbe President-elect Donald Trump's national security adviser. It's likely, givenhis record, that he will encourage Mr. Trump's worst impulses, fuel suspicionsof Muslims and bring to the job conflicts of interest from his internationalconsulting work.The role of national security adviser has grown in power and influence in recentyears, with the Bush and Obama administrations vesting the office with greatauthority on matters including military operations, nuclear proliferation,diplomacy, foreign aid and responses to global pandemics. The job demands aknack for consensus building, the ability to make sense of vast amounts ofinformation and the rigor to present the president with well-thought-out optionsto respond to complex challenges.General Flynn played pivotal roles in military campaigns in Iraq andAfghanistan. While his skills served him well in those environments, when he wastapped to lead the Defense Intelligence Agency, his shortcomings as a managerand strategic thinker soon became glaring. His grasp on the truth was so flimsyat times that colleagues began mockingly referring to ''Flynn facts.''General Flynn did not leave quietly after being fired by the Obamaadministration in 2014. He has since created a self-serving narrative,maintaining that he was dismissed for raising alarms about the threat posed byIslamist extremist groups, which he contends the Obama administration''coddles.''He has been extraordinarily incendiary in his characterizations of Islam. InFebruary, he posted  a link to a video on Twitter warning about the threat ofIslam: ''Fear of Muslims is RATIONAL.'' In August, he told The Washington Postthat he agreed with some of Mr. Trump's views about Muslims; he called Islam anideology and compared it to a cancer that has metastasized.General Flynn's fearmongering ''only plays into Al Qaeda's narrative that thereis a clash of civilizations,'' Representative Adam Schiff, the ranking member ofthe House Intelligence Committee, said, ''What he has expressed is dangerous andharmful to us.''In recent months, even while he advised Mr. Trump, General Flynn took onquestionable consulting work, including speaking at a forum hosted by the statebroadcaster Russia Today, which is infamous for its propaganda and serves as amouthpiece for President Vladimir Putin. He also runs a consulting firm that haslobbied  for a company  with connections to Turkey's authoritarian president.Just last week, he wrote an article urging the extradition of a Turkish clericwhom the Turkish government said was the mastermind of the attempted coup inJuly.A core theme of Mr. Trump's campaign was making America safer. With thisappointment, he is doing the opposite.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/19/opinion/michael-flynn-an-alarming-pick-for-national-security-adviser.html