http://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/IT22-fang-112116-iStock.jpgThe biggest tech stocks, which initially fell after Donald Trump's surpriseelection victory because the incoming president has criticized some of thecompanies individually while championing nontech areas, are joining the rally.Apple stock retook a 110.33 buy point in early trading in the stock markettoday, as the stock neared its 50-day moving average line, another bullish sign.Apple stock hit a two-month low of 104.28 on Nov. 14, and at that point was down6.5% since the election. It's since rebounded.The FANG stocks -- Facebook (FB), Amazon (AMZN), Netflix (NFLX) and Google ownerAlphabet (GOOGL), also were all up Monday afternoon. Facebook stock retook its200-day moving average line for the first time since the election, while Netflixand Alphabet got above their 10-day lines for the first time since then, andAmazon had a second day above its 10-day line.IBD'S TAKE: The IBD 50 ranks the very best-performing stocks over the past 12months. The tech giants have made the list, but not currently. Quite a diversegroup of tech stocks do make the current rankings, though, which can giveinvestors clues on hot stocks and sectors.Trump has criticized Apple over the encryption issue that pitted the companyagainst the FBI this year, and he also has said the company should move iPhonemanufacturing back to the U.S. Analysts say it would be unrealistic for Apple tomake iPhones in the U.S., but China media has reported that Apple is lookinginto the idea of moving some of its manufacturing back to this country.Trump's anti-immigration stance also is seen as a shot at big techs, which relyon the H-1B visa program to bring skilled workers to the U.S. But other Trumppolicies favor tech companies, including his hope to cut taxes on cash that U.S.companies repatriate to the U.S. to 10% from 35%. Apple has by far the most cashoutside the U.S. and so could be the biggest beneficiary of such a move.Apple CEO Tim Cook was a big supporter of Hillary Clinton, but most U.S. techcompanies and their CEOs were pro-Clinton in the divisive presidential race.FANG stock Amazon.com also got specific Trump criticism during the campaign, forits tax breaks, but Amazon -- as well as Apple and Facebook -- had been fallingin the week ahead of the election, all slipping below their 50-day averagesahead of Election Day.Apple stock rose 1.5% Monday to 111.75, while Facebook led the FANGs, rising4.1%, its biggest up day in seven months. Netflix stock rose 2.4%. Amazon stockrose 2.6% and it is closing in on its 50-day line. Alphabet stock rose 1.1%Monday.RELATED:Sell-Off Of Big Tech Stocks A Buy Opportunity: JefferiesDo Tech Stars Face Trump BumpApple iPhone Manufacturing In U.S. Called 'Unrealistic'