President-elect Donald Trump s drama-ridden selection process for secretary ofstate has narrowed to four finalists, including 2012 Republican presidentialnominee Mitt Romney and former New York mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, Trump aidessaid Wednesday. It was the first time that Trump s transition team has publiclyconfirmed that Romney and Giuliani are competing for the highest ranking Cabinetposition. Opponents of Romney have waged a remarkably public fight against him,saying the former Massachusetts governor should not get the nod because heattacked Trump in harsh personal terms during the presidential campaign and thatGiuliani should be rewarded for his loyalty during the campaign. Transition teamofficials would not name the other two finalists, but other leading candidatesinclude retired Army Gen. David Petraeus - a former commanding general of theU.S. Central Command and CIA director - and Sen.Bob Corker, R-Tenn., chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. A fifthpossible candidate is retired Marine Gen. John F. Kelly, former chief of U.S.Southern Command. Kelly, who clashed with the Obama administration over womenserving in combat and plans to close the prison at Guantanamo Bay, is also acandidate for homeland security secretary and possibly other positions, peoplefamiliar with the selection process have said. Kelly met with thepresident-elect Wednesday at Trump Tower. Trump aides said there is no settimetable for making a final selection on the State Department and that thepresident-elect s decision will likely not be announced this week. Trump metwith Romney Tuesday night for a two-hour dinner at which the two men were seenlaughing and munching on frog legs and other delicacies. Afterward, Romneyemerged and told reporters:  I had a wonderful evening with President-electTrump,  That stood in stark contrast to the campaign, during which Romney hadbeen one of Trump s leading detractors, labeling him a  con man,  a  fake  and aphony  who was unprepared for the presidency. Jason Miller, a senior Trumpcommunications adviser, said Wednesday that Trump also  thought the dinner wentvery well  and that the two men had  good chemistry.   He added that Trump andRomney  have not spent a significant amount of time together, so this is stillthe process of getting to know each other.   The naming of finalists for theState Department post came as Trump appeared to be focusing on core economicissues in his emerging Cabinet, while he prepared to put aside his sprawlingbusinesses. Trump officially announced key members of his economic team,choosing former banker and Hollywood financier Steven Mnuchin as treasurysecretary and billionaire industrialist Wilbur Ross to run the CommerceDepartment. As Ross s deputy, Trump turned to Chicago Cubs co-owner ToddRickets, whose family are powerful conservative donors.  This team will beinstrumental in implementing the President-elect s America First economic planthat will create more than 25 million jobs over the next decade,   Trump stransition team said in statement. House speaker Paul D. Ryan, who often clashedwith Trump during the campaign but has been strongly supportive of thepresident-elect since his victory, praised his choices.  I am excited to get towork with this strong team to fix our broken tax code, ease the regulatoryburden on American businesses, and grow our economy,   Ryan, R-Wis., said in astatement. Also uncertain were the specifics of how Trump, a longtime realestate developer with interests around the globe, planned to step away fromoverseeing his business. Trump tweeted Wednesday morning that he would soonleave the conglomerate.  I will be holding a major news conference in New YorkCity with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leavingmy great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country inorder to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Trump wrote on Twitter, which has remainedhis favorite communication medium during the transition. The announcement, seenas a response to increasingly voiced concerns about the potential conflicts ofinterest between Trump s public and private roles, marks a turn from hismonths-long refusal to distance himself from his private affairs while holdingthe nation s highest public office. Trump s comments did little to convincecritics such as Sen. Benjamin L. Cardin, D-Md., who along with 23 colleaguesintroduced a resolution Tuesday calling on Trump to follow the precedents set bypast presidents and hold his assets in a form guaranteeing no conflicts, such asa  blind trust.    I was encouraged to see the President-elect s initialresponse but the devil is in the details, which Mr. Trump was short on in histweets,   Cardin said.  The fact that his announcement will be done with hischildren at his side leaves many questions as to whether he and his lawyersunderstand the meaning of a blind trust.   Trump did not say if the newarrangement would include a full sale of his stake or, as he has offered before,a ceding of company management to his children, which ethics advisers have saidwould not resolve worries that the business could still influence his decisionsin the Oval Office. Presidents are not bound by the strict conflict-of-interestlaws governing most U.S. elected officials. But most modern presidents haveagreed to sell or sequester their assets in a  blind trust,  led by anindependent manager with supreme control, in order to keep past business deals,investments and relationships from influencing their White House term. Givingcompany management to his three eldest children - Donald Jr., Eric and Ivanka -would still leave open the potential for Trump to make presidential decisionsfor their benefit. The children have already played a key part in Trump sgoverning preparations, serving on the transition team now selecting keyappointees and sitting in on meetings with foreign heads of state. Transitionaides declined to provide details of Trump s plans for his business duringWednesday s briefing, saying the president-elect will provide them at his Dec.15 news conference. With Mnuchin, Ross and Ricketts, Trump s Cabinet nominationsreward their loyalty and roles in his campaign. Both Mnuchin and Ross werefinancial contributors and advisers, while Ricketts s father financed apro-Trump super PAC. Mnuchin, an investor and former Goldman Sachs executive whojoined Trump s campaign in May as finance chairman, has no governmentexperience. But in his statement announcing Mnuchin s nomination, which issubject to Senate confirmation, Trump hailed the former private equity fund headas  a world-class financier, banker and businessman,   who has  played a keyrole in developing our plan to build a dynamic, booming economy that will createmillions of jobs.   Ross is an investor known as the  king of bankruptcy  forbuying beaten-down companies with the potential to deliver profits. He helpedshape the Trump campaign s economic agenda, particularly its hard-line stance onthe need to renegotiate or withdraw from free trade agreements. That positionresonated with the working class voters who were instrumental in deliveringTrump s upset victory. Trump said that Ross, whose nomination is also subject toSenate confirmation,  is a champion of American manufacturing and knows how tohelp companies succeed. Most importantly, he is one of the greatest negotiatorsI have ever met.   The two expressed confidence in the incoming administration sability to boost economic growth as high as 4 percent a year. Crucial to thatprojection would be passage of Trump s proposed overhaul of the tax code,including streamlining individual tax rates into three brackets and reducing thecorporate tax rate to 15 percent. Independent research groups have estimated theplan could cost as much as $6 trillion over the next decade. However, thatanalysis does not include the potential economic benefits the tax cuts couldgenerate. Trump s new team spread out to give a sales pitch on Wednesday for hiseconomic vision. In a joint interview with Ross on CNBC s Squawk Box, Mnuchinsaid reforming the nation s tax code would be Trump s top priority and promisedsignificant tax breaks for the middle class but no absolute cut for high-incomehouseholds.Retired Gen. John Kelly arrives at Trump Tower for a meeting withPresident-elect Donald Trump on Wednesday in New York. EVAN VUCCI/THE ASSOCIATEDPRESS