Presidential candidates often make campaign promises they can't deliver once inpower.Usually they wait until they take office to publicly change their minds.Within days of winning the election, President-elect Donald Trump hasbackpedaled on some core domestic positions to a degree that may beunprecedented, according to historians."I've never seen anything quite likethis: so quickly backtracking on the signature issues on which he ran," saidAllan Lichtman, the presidential historian at American University who forecastTrump's victory over Hillary Clinton."Nothing comes to mind of a president-electbeginning to issue a series of, if not retractions, modifications, so rapidly,"said Bruce Buchanan, a University of Texas historian who's written several bookson the presidency.Trump's policy shifts offer signs as to how he may govern asthe most unpredictable candidate in recent history to arrive at 1600Pennsylvania Ave. The real estate billionaire ran a campaign largely onpersonality -- casting himself as the populist hero of a forgotten workingclass, even breaking with party orthodoxy in pledging to reject Social Securitycuts that his party insists are necessary to preserve the program.  Trump willlean heavily on the same establishment Republican leadership he disparaged tocraft his domestic agenda."I wouldn't be surprised to see lots of rewriting of Trump proposals withcongressional input," Buchanan said.During the campaign, many of Trump'sadvisers were "not aware of how to frame legislation and what's possible andwhat's not," Buchanan said. "We're still in the blush of the honeymoon stage andwill be for a while. But a lot of the stuff he talked about isn't going tohappen."DOMESTICPOLICIESProtecting the safety netCongressional Republicans led by House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., have longwanted to rewrite social safety net programs. That would result in cuts toprograms such as Social Security and Medicare, which account for at least halfof the federal budget, that Trump's working-class voters disproportionately relyon.  Although Trump vowed not to cut Medicare or Medicaid, according to histransition website, he wants to "modernize Medicare," borrowing languageRepublicans have long used.It's difficult to know what the Trump administration will do. Unlikepresidential teams before them, Trump's people have held no news conferencessince the election to clarify their plans. Among items he campaigned on missingfrom his website is his vow to allow Americans to import prescription drugs fromother countries where they're sold at lower prices.InvestigationsTrump vowed to appoint a special prosecutor "immediately, immediately,immediately" to investigate Hillary Clinton, even saying during a debate that ifhe was elected, Clinton would be "in jail." As a result, the Democratic nomineewas taunted by protesters wielding "lock her up" signs -- though she was clearedby the FBI of any criminal charges related to her email server. In his firsttelevision interview after the election, Trump seemed to reject the idea of aspecial prosecutor and sounded like the Trump of five years ago, when he praisedthe Clintons as a great family. "I don't want to hurt them, I don't want to hurtthem," Trump told CBS News.ImmigrationTrump has refused to answer questions about his proposed Muslim ban -- it is notlisted on his website under the immigration tab -- and it's unclear how hisdeportation policy would differ from current law. In the CBS interview, Trumpsaid he wants to immediately deport 2 million to 3 million undocumentedimmigrants who are "gang members, drug dealers" or have other criminalconvictions.The Migration Policy Institute estimates there are roughly 11million immigrantsin the USA illegally and 820,000 of them have criminal records. Trump's policyis in line with orders Obama gave when he first took office to prioritizedeportation of immigrants with criminal convictions, which led to a recordnumber of deportations.Repealing ObamacareOn the stump, Trump made repealing and replacing the "disaster" of Obamacare akey talking point, warning it will "destroy American health care forever." Aspresident-elect, Trump told The Wall Street Journal he was reconsidering hisstance after a meeting with Obama, who urged him to protect parts of the law.Trump said he would like to keep the provisions forbidding discrimination basedon pre-existing conditions and allowing young Americans to remain on theirparents' health care plans. "Either Obamacare will be amended, or repealed andreplaced," he told the Journal.Coal jobsTrump promised  during his campaign to bring back coal jobs, calling himself the"last shot for the miners" and vowing to undo  clean energy regulations. It wasa winning  argument for miners who cited Clinton's comments that she would putthe coal industry out of business. She later apologized.  Republicans say it'snot the government's role to bring back the jobs as companies invest in otherforms of energy. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., said recentlythat it's "hard to tell" whether the jobs will return because "it's aprivate-sector activity."