Congratulations, Massachusetts voters. On Election Day, you set a record forturnout. Secretary of State Bill Galvin said Monday that a little more than 3.4million votes were cast Nov. 8, about 220,000 more votes than were cast in theprevious record year of 2012.Overall, 75 percent of the state's registered voters turned out. Several localcommunities surpassed the statewide turnout, including Ashby (84 percent),Westminster (83 percent), Lunenburg (82 percent) and Ashburnham (78 percent).Galvin also reported that as a group you did, as the Chicago-born quip suggests,"vote early and often" -- although nefarious deeds at the polls had nothing todo with it. The state's inaugural year of early voting was a big hit, with 1million voters -- more than 30 percent -- casting their ballots before ElectionDay.Of course, the contest for Massachusetts' 11 electoral votes was not thenail-biter it was in such swing states as Ohio, Pennsylvania, Florida, NewHampshire and Michigan. As expected, Democrats Hillary Clinton, with nearly 2million votes, handily defeated Republican Donald Trump, who has 1.1 millionvotes, in the Bay State.About 77,000 voters statewide took a pass on the presidential electionaltogether, WBUR reported. That's up from 16,000 who blanked the BarackObama-Mitt Romney race four years ago, indicating a stronger displeasure amongvoters with both Clinton and Trump.The good news there is that while no one running for president could win thesevoters' support, that did not discourage them from going to the polls to vote onthe questions and in down-ballot races -- for Congress and the stateLegislature. In some cases, the people elected to those offices can have abigger impact on the lives of local residents than the president.We are encourage by the success of early voting. Anything that makes it easierfor registered voters to get to the polls is a good thing.Pat yourself on the back, voters.While we'd like to see turnout improve in nonpresidential years and in municipalelections, you showed up in droves for this election and let your voice beheard. Whether you like the results or not, you can still take pride inparticipating in a record-breaking Election Day.