He couldn't even get through his first sentence before the tears began."I woke up Wednesday morning thinking about the legendary sign" above thesynagogue of a famous rabbi, he started. He couldn't continue. The congregantspacked into the unusually crowded sanctuary, three days after the presidentialelection, held their breaths for three long seconds. He inhaled. The sign read:"Jews don't despair," he said.Rabbi Daniel G. Zemel knows there is a lot he could despair about.As Reform Jews, who voted overwhelmingly for Hillary Clinton, and as residentsof the District, where more than 92 percent did so, Zemel's congregants atTemple Micah were almost uniformly dismayed by Donald Trump's election.As many grew shaken and scared in the days following the election, they flockedto Zemel's Shabbat service for solace, strength or simply togetherness."We have just lived through a bruising political season where the results feelto many of us like a repudiation of the values that we believe this country wasfounded on and embraced. ... Tolerance. An open mind. A spirit of generosity. Abelief that we are all created in God's image," he said in his sermon. "And forme, there's always been something so confluent about my American beliefs and myJewish beliefs. They reinforce each other."Addressing the election so openly the Friday after Election Day was a rarechoice for Zemel. During the High Holy Day season a little more than a monthago, when rabbis have their biggest audiences of the year, some rabbis usedtheir pulpits to speak against Trump. But the majority decided not to talk aboutpolitics, and Zemel was strongly in that camp."For me to tell people what their values are about the election, it would be so'preaching to the choir' in the most unnecessary way," he said. He steered clearof current events altogether on Yom Kippur, giving a sermon about the Book ofJob.Now, Zemel expects he'll be talking a lot about what's happening in America forthe foreseeable future. The emails have been pouring in from his bereftcongregants: What can we do next?"I want to learn about civil disobedience. I think we're at a point where we mayhave to," Zemel said.He's doing his reading - Martin Luther King Jr.'s letter from the Birminghamjail, Henry David Thoreau's "Civil Disobedience," the biblical story of themidwives who defied Pharaoh's order to kill the babies of Jewish slaves."If they're asking Muslims to register, of course we'll get every Jew in Americato register," he said. "If they're going to start deporting people, we'll makeTemple Micah into a sanctuary."He also wants to further understanding between liberals and conservatives. Hewants to convene very personal conversations - maybe one-on-one, maybe in smallgroups - between members of Temple Micah and conservative counterparts, perhapsTrump voters, whom they wouldn't otherwise meet. He might ask speakers fromdiverse viewpoints to address the synagogue.Bridging disagreement will be his theme in his next Shabbat sermon, the nightafter Thanksgiving. He will talk about Hillel and Shammai, historic rabbis knownfor their disagreements with each other.The Talmud notes that their disputes were "arguments for the sake of heaven,"Zemel said - and that descendants of their two rival schools tended to marryeach other."The divide in this country is such that Democrats and Republicans no longermarry each other," he said. "An argument for the sake of heaven means youunderstand the other person's argument, what the other person has at stake inmaking the point they're making. I think that's something we have lost."But on the political front, he said he plans to lead his congregation in directaction against the Trump administration if Trump carries out some of hiscampaign proposals that the Micah community finds most abhorrent, like aregistry of Muslims."We simply have to communicate whatever we can and take action - that this isnot the American way," Zemel said."We all have to be ready to pounce on every action which is totally, totally,totally objectionable to us. We can't be seduced and think, 'Maybe we can letthis one slide; this will be okay.' "In his sermon after the election, through his tears, Zemel tried to urgeresilience. "We will console one another, and then we will light a candle.That's what we do," he said."Jews mourn by lighting a candle. When our world is darkened, we light a candle.If our world became darker, we would light another candle. And then we wouldlight another candle. And we would return to the street."He asked the congregation to rise soon after, and together they sang "Americathe Beautiful."julie.zauzmer@washpost.com