NEW YORK - A divisive election that left half the country deflated and the otherhalf rejuvenated could reverberate through the holiday shopping season in thekind of gifts people are giving or how much they spend.Some retailers say they have seen a surge in feel-good items such as spatreatments, candles and comfort food, while executives at some major retailerssuch as Wal-Mart, Target and Macy's have said there's no discernible shift inconsumer behavior since the presidential election was won by Republican DonaldTrump.The divide in the outlook may reflect the rift in the election, as Americanssplit along geographic lines as well as by income."I don't need a comfort dog. I don't need anybody to feel sorry for me," saidRhondi Bleeker, 50, of Totowa, N.J. "I'm actually happy because I was forTrump."Bleeker, who owns an eyelash extension business, believes the economy will bebetter now. She says she'll still be spending the same $3,000 as she does everyholiday season, but she believes her business could do even better becausewhether people are sad or happy, most will want retail therapy.Some shoppers say they plan to divert money from traditional gifts such assweaters to donations to charity groups in their friends' or relatives' names.Ryan Holmes of Chicago, who voted for Democrat Hillary Clinton, said he plans todevote at least one-quarter of the $750 he typically spends on holiday gifts tocharitable giving. Even for gifts such as music or books, he says he can't helpbut feel he might make a political statement such as perhaps giving a book onclimate change to educate a friend."I am frightened to what's to come, and sad and less hopeful," said Holmes, 34,an urban planning consultant. But he added, "I'm feeling more engaged."Shoppers have generally been moving away from buying "stuff" and more towardsspending on experiences. Factors from the weather to when Thanksgiving fallsalready affect how stores fare at the holidays, and retailers are under intensepressure from online sellers to offer low prices and convenience.A dip in buying before a presidential election is normal as people aredistracted, but spending usually bounces back afterward.Tamara Gaffney, principal analyst and director at Adobe Systems, an onlineresearch company, said that between Nov. 1 and Nov. 14 this year, retailers lostout on more than $800 million in online revenue, with the sharpest drophappening after the Nov. 8 election. States that voted Democratic have seen thebiggest drops since the election, she said. Gaffney says she's waiting to seehow the Thanksgiving weekend plays out and may have to revise the originalholiday online sales growth forecast of 11 percent."We are in uncharted territory," said Gerald Storch, the CEO of Hudson's BayCo., which operates department stores under that name, Lord & Taylor and SaksFifth Avenue. "We will know more as we get past Black Friday."The divide could play into the hands of retailers who customize goods to caterto increasingly fragmented tastes."While some people might drive an election boost, there are going to be othersthat will hold back," said Frank Badillo, director of research at consumerresearch group MacroSavvy LLC. "The winners and losers are going to be dividedby category, by store, by different parts of the country."Peter Gold, chief marketing officer at Market America's online marketplaceShop.com, says since late October he's seen a sales surge in spa products,candles and comfort food that he expects will continue through the holidays.Products that bear words such as "hope" and "kindness" are seeing sales as muchas double since the election, says Lee Rhodes, founder and CEO of the nine-storeGlassybaby chain that sells handblown glass items. Those with themes such as"elf" and "joy" have not kept pace.Nielsen's most recent surveys have shown that food has catapulted into the No. 2spot in terms of hot holiday gifts, past toys and consumer electronics thisseason, said Jordan Rost of the company's consumer insights division. Gift cardsranked first, as they have for several years. He said food is a safe bet forretailers because millennials turn to comfort food when they are stressed, andbaby boomers turn to food as a reward.Miriam Naficy, whose retail site Minted crowdsources stationery as well as artand home decor, noticed a gap in what customers wanted in greeting cards. Afterrising 9 percent since Oct. 1 in all states, the demand for the word "cheer," inholiday cards has fallen 14 percent since the election. Demand for cards using"peace," which is not usually as popular, was up 14 percent, and those using"hope" rose 9 percent.LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHGRAPHIC:  In this Tuesday, Nov. 22, 2016, photo, Lee Rhodes, owner ofGlassybaby, holds one of her votive candle holders and several cards used forindividual descriptions of each holder made there, including "kindness,""comfort" and "hope," in her shop in Seattle. Rhodes says that she has seen herproducts with the positive labels surge past holiday themes like "elf" and "joy"since Election Day. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson)  In this Tuesday, Nov. 22, 2016,photo, Lee Rhodes, owner of Glassybaby, poses for a photo near votive candleholders on display at her shop in Seattle. Rhodes says that she has seen herproducts with positive labels such as "kindness," "comfort" and "hope," surgepast holiday themes like "elf" and "joy" since Election Day. (AP Photo/ElaineThompson)  In this Tuesday, Nov. 22, 2016, photo, customer Chris Connachercarefully compares votive candle holders as she makes a Thanksgiving giftpurchase at the hand-blown glass shop Glassybaby, in Seattle. Shop owner LeeRhodes says that she has seen her products with the positive labels surge pastholiday themes like "elf" and "joy" since Election Day. (AP Photo/ElaineThompson)PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper