Now that the 2016 presidential election is over, some are happy and some are sad- and many are still questioning the voting process in light of recent hackings,WikiLeaks, allegations of machines "flipping" votes, and claims of rigging. Theprocess of conducting elections has evolved into a full-time, highly technicalprofession.Over three decades, I spent many years over different terms as a board memberand chairman of the Montgomery County Board of Elections. I worked with bothRepublican and Democrat secretary of state administrations, and helped to usherin the transition from punch cards to electronic voting machines, and theimplementation of early voting and voting by mail.There are so many moving parts to an election that it is important to understandthe process and safeguards in place to ensure a fair and accurate result. InOhio, each county has its own BOE that operates under state law and thedirection of the secretary of state. The board members and their employees mustbe equally represented by both major political parties. Every step of theprocess involves at least one Republican and one Democrat. The data cards andother sensitive voter information are securely stored in a room that requires aRepublican key and a Democratic key to open.Contrary to common misperception, votes are not transported to a centralcomputer for tabulation via the Internet. Physical data cards are removed fromeach voting machine with a paper record of every vote cast and driven to the BOEby a Democrat and Republican who, believe it or not, ride together in the samecar on election night. Upon arrival, they are received by members of bothparties and the data cards are delivered to a secure room where members of bothparties process the tabulations. Only the results, after tabulation, aredisseminated online.The voting machines are constantly checked and re-checked. An audit of randomlyselected machines is conducted after every major election, where representativesof both parties hand count the physical paper record of the votes from a machineand compare the totals to the electronic data card for that machine.The people hired to work the polls must be from both parties. Registeredobservers from both parties and the media may obtain credentials to watch theprocess at every polling location and at the BOE. Observers and the media maywatch, but not touch, access or influence the counting.If a person arrives on Election Day seeking to vote who is not listed in thesystem at the polling location, they are permitted to cast a provisional ballot.Their ballot is placed into an envelope and delivered to the BOE that night.Bipartisan staff double check to make sure the person is registered and thatthey have not already voted. If everything is in order and the bipartisan boardmembers agree, the vote is counted. If there appears to be an attempt at fraud,the matter is referred for investigation.Thousands of dedicated professional election officials and employees from bothparties work all year to ensure a fair process and embody the motto of Secretaryof State Jon Husted: "Easy to vote, hard to cheat."In our modern-day cyber world, the adage, "It's not a question of if you will behacked, it's a question of when," certainly can apply to elections. However, ifwe all can appreciate the extent to which safeguards are in place, thebipartisan effort that occurs at every step of the process, the paper back-upsystem for each voting machine, the opportunity to observe the entire process,and the post-election auditing, we can maintain confidence in our system ofelections.Elections are not perfect and incidents happen, but rest assured that a vigilantsystem is in place to protect the sanctity of your vote and correct wrongdoing.Gregory M. Gantt is a Dayton-area attorney with expertise in election law.