This November election has left the Democratic Party in disarray, turmoil and onthe verge of being relegated to a second-tier American political party. In anelectric year that most media and political pundits predicted solid gains forthe Democratic Party, the results were both staggering and irrefutable.The Republican Party now dominates state legislatures not seen since the CivilWar. Republicans control 68 state legislative chambers compared to 31 forDemocrats. Not since 1929 have Republicans controlled governorships in 33 statesvs. 16 states represented by Democrats (Alaska-Independent). Since 2010, theDemocrats have lost 70 congressional seats, and more than 900 state legislativeseats. After this presidential election, the GOP now controls the presidency,U.S. Senate, U.S. House of Representatives and, soon, the U.S. Supreme Court.Democratic strategists, political pundits and radio talk- show hosts keepdebating the reason. The answer is simple: The Democratic Party, in its quest torecruit additional constituencies from women, gays, Latinos, youth, minorities,transgender and every other racial, ethnic and religious group, has absolutelyand unequivocally abandoned the white, working-class male. Not only have theDemocrats abandoned their core constituency, but in many cases ridicules andmocks their love of God, country, guns and social significance.The Democratic Party should be a diverse and inclusive political party, but notat the cost of disavowing its single largest constituency and voting bloc.Matter of fact, the white, working male needs help and assistance at anunprecedented level. An article by Angus Deaton, Princeton Economist and 2015Nobel Memorial Prize recipient in economics, wrote that white, middle-agedworking men are in peril and crisis with health and mortality. An epidemic ofsuicides and afflictions stemming from substance abuse, alcoholism, liverdisease and overdoses of heroin and prescription opioids have caused death ratesfor white middle-aged men to spike higher than any other racial or ethnic group.In addition, this same group is facing unprecedented economic hardships fromwage stagflation, job insecurity, diminishing manufacturing, mounting debt,health and housing costs, and inability to adequately prepare and save forretirement.The Democratic Party has done little to entice or embrace this valuable segmentof the U.S. economy and electorate. President-elect Trump was both smart andcourageous to reach out and court this large and proud segment of thepopulation, and they rewarded him with an unprecedented electoral victory. Thefact that Democrats are considering going further to the left is both politicalmadness and suicide.As every successful Democrat from Harry Truman to Bill Clinton knew, go to thecenter and unabashedly court a constituency that made this party and nationgreat!GUY W. GLODISDemocratic State Committeeman2nd Worcester District