After eyeing Donald Trump with caution leading up to the presidential election,investors quickly hoped for the best after his win. Now companies are startingto speak up -- cautiously -- about what they see.Trump has been discussed at recent earnings conference calls or at presentationswith investors at 29 companies in the Standard & Poor's 500, including DowChemical, Medtronic and Deere, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data fromS&P Global Market Intelligence.Wall Street might have boldly embraced Trump's more bullish platforms such aslowering corporate taxes, but most companies talking about the incomingpresident remain optimistic but also more tentative as specifics are yet to beseen."Far be it for me to prognosticate ... on the elections," said HowardUngerleider, chief financial officer at Dow Chemical during a companypresentation Nov.29. "But I mean, if you think about a Republican House, Senateand Republican-elect presidency as well ... I think the stock market has spokenat least in a view of lower taxes, potential for repatriation of cash overseasand potential growth."While Trump's inauguration is still weeks away, company managements are lookingat how new policies could affect their operations going forward. A few themesemerging so far include the need to be:Flexible in planning for the future. Given that investors are still in the darkabout what Trump's specific proposals will be, some companies are looking atseveral what ifs. "Internally, we're evaluating different scenarios ... we'relooking at what that impact may or may not be. But we're looking at all kinds ofscenarios, because at the end of the day, we want to be prepared for whateverdoes become reality," Tony Huegel, director of investor relations at Deere, toldinvestors Nov. 23.Observant of the impact on U.S. economy. Several companies are focused on whatthe moves could mean for their own investments in America. The "U.S. economy isthe bright spot in the world right now and continues to be. I mean, we'reinvesting in the U.S. with our U.S. Gulf Coast assets," Ungerleider says.Vincent Roche, CEO of electronic chip maker Analog Devices, stated the companyis in a "wait and see" mode until specifics are known, "but maybe on themargins, it'll be good, at least for the American business environment." AndRobert Shanks, CFO at Ford, said in a special call to investors Nov. 17,"They're (Trump administration) focused on bringing manufacturing jobs back tothe U.S. They're focused on building a stronger, more competitiveinfrastructure, which I think is -- that's great for the country as well."Positioned to profit regardless of what happens. It's widely believedinfrastructure spending will rise under Trump. That's expected to be a boon forconstruction planning companies such as Jacobs Engineering. Jacobs' CEO StevenDemetriou said Nov. 22 the company already was bullish about construction,especially transportation projects in Texas, Florida and California, even beforethe election and had already invested there."We were bullish on our capabilities to grow in transportation regardless of theelection outcome. And so we're pleased to see a lot of the positive hype aroundwhat's going on with the Trump expectations," he says.Aware policy changes in motion don't necessarily stop. Omar Ishrak, CEO ofmedical device maker Medtronic, was careful to not speculate about the futurebut was asked Nov. 22 if a repeal of the Affordable Care Act would hurtbusiness. Ishrak reiterated moves in health care toward better outcomes andlower costs were already underway "and it doesn't really matter whichadministration or in which country you're in." The same goes for new rules onasset managers pushed by the Department of Justice, which Trump has spoken outagainst. "I'm not sure if a lot changes. So these are trends, as I said, thathave been in place for years now, a lot of the things that we've been lookingat," says Loren Michael Starr, chief financial officer at investment firmInvesco. "I kind of think that once the train's out, it's just a little hard tostop the train."Most of the companies indicated they will find opportunity, no matter who is inthe White House. "We're getting into our 52nd year now as a company. So we'vegone through many regime changes across the world and many, many ... Americanpresidents. So I think let's just wait and see," Roche says.Says Ungerleider: "We've been around for 119 years. We've been through manyworld wars and many elections and many economic cycles, and so we're fullyprepared to go forward the next four years as well."