MADISON, Wis. - Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein said Monday she willask a judge to force a hand recount of nearly 3 million ballots cast inWisconsin after the state Elections Commission rejected her call to do that.The commission voted unanimously to move ahead with a recount timeline thatwould start the process on Thursday. But the commission left it up to localelection officials to determine the best method for conducting the recount,either by hand or using ballot-tabulation machines.Stein issued a press release saying she would ask a Dane County Circuit judge tointervene and force the hand recount, a process that would be more expensive andtake longer than the more traditional recount. Her campaign spokeswoman did notimmediately return a message seeking comment.Stein's Wisconsin recount request included an affidavit from University ofMichigan computer scientist J. Alex Halderman stating that a hand recount is theonly way to determine whether there could have been a cyberattack that affectedthe results. He argued that records stored in electronic voting equipment couldhave been manipulated in an attack.The decentralized nature of Wisconsin's voting system, and the fact that theequipment in question is not connected to the internet, makes it difficult tosee how there could have been a widespread attack, said Wisconsin ElectionCommission administrator Mike Haas.Wisconsin Elections Commission Chairman Mark Thomsen vigorously defendedWisconsin's election system, saying he was certain that president-elect DonaldTrump would emerge as the winner after the recount. Trump beat Democrat HillaryClinton by 22,170 votes, based on unofficial results."We are confident in our popular vote count," Thomsen said.Trump is claiming, without evidence, that millions of people voted illegally inthe election he won, issuing the baseless claim as part of his angry response toa recount effort led by the Green Party and joined by Hillary Clinton'scampaign.Stein and Independent candidate Roque "Rocky" De La Fuente each requested arecount Friday in Wisconsin. They would have to pay the cost, which could top $1million, before the recount would begin on Thursday. Elections officials were toreceive cost estimates on Monday and to bill the campaigns on Tuesday.Thomsen, a Democrat, called on Trump to "come down from his Trump Tower" andobserve the recount in Wisconsin."To say that it's not being fair or people are counting illegal votes, from myvantage point, is an insult to people running our elections," Thomsen toldreporters after the commission approved a timeline for the recount. "Someone hasthe bully pulpit and somebody has impact on our citizens' right to trust whathappens down the block at their polling stations. I've never seen this kind ofattack on poll workers and how this system works."Stein hopes to raise $7 million for recounts in Wisconsin, Michigan andPennsylvania, saying it's important to determine whether hacking affected theresults. Trump narrowly won all three states. There's no evidence that electionresults were hacked or electronic voting machines were compromised.The recount would include an examination of all ballots, poll lists, absenteeapplications, rejected absentee ballots and provisional ballots.The last statewide recount in Wisconsin was for a state Supreme Court race in2011. The recount showed Justice David Prosser defeated challenger JoAnneKloppenburg by 7,004 votes, just 312 votes less than the unofficial resultsshowed.That effort took more than a month and involved about half as many votes as thenearly 3 million votes cast in this year's presidential election in Wisconsin.Wisconsin's unofficial election results show President-elect Donald Trump with1,404,000 votes, Hillary Clinton with 1,381,823 votes, Stein with 31,000 votesand De La Fuente with 1,514.Trump's victory in Wisconsin marked the first time since 1984 that a Republicanpresidential candidate carried the state.