Muslim Americans, already alarmed by the election of Donald J. Trump, saidFriday that Mr. Trump's choices for crucial posts heightened their fears ofdiscrimination, violence, deportation and even detention.Many said they worried that a more hostile America could prompt more Muslims tojoin forces with terrorists.During the presidential campaign, Mr. Trump said ''Islam hates us,'' endorsedthe idea of a government registry of Muslims and proposed suspending immigrationby Muslims or people from some Muslim-majority countries. In interviews onFriday, many Muslims said that they were not sure before the election howseriously to take such talk, hoping that it was more political hyperbole thanpolicy, but that the personnel moves of the last few days had confirmed theirworst fears.At the Dream Cafe, a hookah bar in the Astoria neighborhood of Queens, SaraKhan, 17, whose parents are from Pakistan, expressed particular concern abouther family's ability to remain in the United States. ''What are we going to doif he tries to kick us out?'' she asked of Mr. Trump.''People from all over the world come here to find freedom,'' she said, but nowshe wonders what that freedom means if ''one man can take it away.''Mr. Trump has offered the post of national security adviser to Michael T. Flynn,a retired Army general who has written that ''fear of Muslims is rational,'' hassaid that ''Islam is a political ideology'' and is ''like a malignant cancer.''For director of central intelligence, Mr. Trump has tapped Representative MikePompeo of Kansas, who has said that ''most Islamic leaders across America'' werecomplicit in terrorist attacks for not speaking out more forcefully.He has asked Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, who has endorsed a Muslimimmigration ban, to be attorney general, and has named Stephen K. Bannon, whomcritics have denounced as a white nationalist, as senior White House strategist.And some Trump supporters have cited the internment of Japanese-Americans duringWorld War II as a possible precedent.''I did not take Trump's statements seriously enough, and I did not take thesewhite nationalists as seriously as I should have,'' said Zareena Grewal, anassociate professor of American studies and religious studies at Yale. ''Thatthese people have moved from the fringe of American politics to the very centershould frighten everybody.''Hanan Hassan, a native of Iraq who works at a refugee center in Phoenix, mostlywith people from Syria, said her mood and that of her clients had changeddrastically.''Some of us are scared of being sent back,'' she said. ''Our children arehaving issues at school.''Ms. Hassan, 37, who said her parents and her brother were killed by a car bombin Baghdad, said, ''We left home because it was not safe there,'' but now theUnited States feels unsafe.Some voiced worries about a Muslim registry, and the prospect of being trackedand investigated by the government, noting that a registry for noncitizens fromsome Arab countries, in effect from 2002 to 2011, resulted in few leads onterrorism, but many deportations. Others shrugged off the prospect, saying thatthey assumed they were under surveillance already.And people were still unsure how seriously to take the even more troubling idea-- not raised by anyone with a formal role on the Trump team -- of internment.''I don't put it past them,'' said Nihad Awad, executive director of the Councilof American Islamic Relations. ''Personnel is policy, and Flynn considers us asthe enemy, so what kind of policies is he going to push forward? The Muslimcommunity will be at his mercy.''Linda Sarsour, executive director of the Arab American Association of New York,said: ''I believe in my heart that our fellow Americans would not let thathappen. I'm not saying that it definitely won't happen. The fact that we're evenhaving this conversation is really spreading a lot of fear in the community.''Muslim leaders said their strategy would be to mount legal challenges and tostrengthen alliances with other religious and ethnic groups.Muslim, Jewish and Christian clergy members and lay leaders gathered in front ofmosque in Washington on Friday in a demonstration of mutual support. Mobilizedby an interfaith group called ''Shoulder to Shoulder,'' they askedPresident-elect Trump to keep his election-night promise that he will serve asthe president of all Americans.''American Muslims follow the U.S. Constitution,'' said Rizwan Jaka, chairman ofthe board of the ADAMS Center, one of the nation's largest mosques, in NorthernVirginia. ''We call upon this incoming administration to also follow it.''They refrained from criticizing Mr. Trump or his selections, and instead calledon them to recognize that American Muslims serve the United States as doctors,teachers and law enforcement officers. They said that, contrary to claims by Mr.Pompeo and others, American Muslims routinely denounce terrorist attacksperpetrated by Islamic extremists, and have been credited by the Department ofHomeland Security with preventing attacks by reporting suspects to theauthorities.Usama Shami, president of the Islamic Community Center in Phoenix, said he hadreceived an outpouring of support from non-Muslims, including some who came inperson to join in Friday Prayers, and others who offered to register as Muslimsif a registry is created.''All of that gives us comfort,'' Mr. Shami said. ''The problem is, in this dayand age -- this is 2016, almost 2017 -- we're going backward. Make America greatagain? How? Having an internment camp for Muslims as they had for Japanese?Appointing Islamophobes for key positions?''Still, some Muslims held out hope that the Trump team may be more bluster thanreal threat.''He is a businessman, and businessmen have plenty of masks they weareveryday,'' said Heshem Hassane, 42, an Egyptian immigrant who owns an ironworksin New York. He expressed doubt about whether the new administration wouldfollow through on some plans, but added, ''there's no person who's not concernedunless he's isolated about what's going on.''For many Muslims, their fears are less about Trump administration policies thanabout a hostile atmosphere that they say could promote violence against them.The FBI reported this week that anti-Muslim hate crimes rose 67 percent in 2015,and Muslim groups say 2016 is on track to be worse.''Every day people are calling from all over the country to tell me aboutincidents and attacks, and I have to tell people, I'm not a Trump emergencyresponder,'' Dr. Grewal said. ''People are worried about their actual, physicalsafety, about attacks. People are asking, 'Do we buy a gun? Do we get a dog?' ''For many Muslims, the worst prospect of all is that members of their community,alienated by the political atmosphere and government action, could heed calls byIslamic extremists to carry out terrorist attacks.''ISIS will have more disenfranchised people, people pushed to the margins, toappeal to,'' Mr. Awad said. ''This is music to their ears.''URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/19/us/muslim-americans-speak-of-escalating-worries.html