Three weeks after Election Day, amid a swirl of news reports about recounts andvoter fraud, two truths are worth remembering:Recounts in three states that helped put Donald Trump over the top have nochance of reversing the result.There is no evidence of any significant voter fraud, despite assertions to thecontrary by the president-elect.Let's start with the recounts. Green Party candidate Jill Stein wants them inWisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania, all of which defied pre-election polls andwent Republican in the presidential race. It's impossible not to see the irony,and the backside covering, here.Stein argued during the campaign that Hillary Clinton - who promised to expandSocial Security and make college virtually free - was not liberal enough and wastoo close to Wall Street. Now that voters have elected a billionaire president,who is likely to name at least two other billionaires to his cabinet and try torepeal Obamacare, Stein says something was amiss.Yes, something was amiss: the delusional approach of liberals. By failing toembrace the Democratic nominee, progressives helped elect someone opposed totheir most cherished beliefs.While Stein is within her rights in asking for recounts, she stands zero chanceof success. Trump's margin of victory ranges from 10,704 in Michigan to morethan 70,000 in Pennsylvania. All three states would have to switch to change theelection's outcome.Only three times since 2000 have preliminary results been changed afterstatewide recounts. In all three cases, which involved non-presidential races,the change was in the hundreds, not the thousands or tens of thousands, ofvotes.In expressing support for the recount, even the Clinton campaign acknowledged ithad found no "evidence of manipulation of results" and that even in the closestof the states, Michigan, Trump's lead "exceeds the largest margin ever overcomein a recount."You'd think that Trump would embrace this conclusion and welcome recounts to layto rest any doubts about his victory. But his ego appears to require that hecapture the popular vote - where he is currently more than 2 million votesbehind Clinton - along with the Electoral College and the White House.So in a tweet on Sunday, Trump proclaimed: "In addition to winning the ElectoralCollege in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions ofpeople who voted illegally."Millions? Voted illegally? Where is this coming from? Nowhere. It's false.This month's election was one of the most closely-watched ever. A hugemonitoring program by Pro Publica, a non-profit investigative outlet, whichincluded 400 partner newspapers (including USA TODAY), found "no evidence theelection was 'rigged' no matter what Stein or Trump say."Yes, some problems exist with voter registration rolls. But there is zero proofof consequential fraud at the polls. Trump seems determined to be a sore winner.He might, in fact, be the first victor to question the integrity of the electionhe won.- USA Today