The divisive election our country just endured has revealed fault linesthroughout society-including the workplace. Now, those political divisionsthreaten to impact staffing decisions as candidates and hiring managers adoptthe use of a term introduced during the latter stages of this campaign:Deplorable.It's a simple enough word. The Merriam-Websterdefinition of deplorable as anadjective meaning "very bad in a way that causes shock, fear, or disgust" neverseems to have been questioned or controversial.That all changed when Hillary Clinton told an audience at a campaign event, "youcould put half of Trump's supporters into what I call the basket ofdeplorables." She then specified that she was referring to, "The racist, sexist,homophobic, xenophobic, Islamaphobic-you name it."The transformation of this simple adjective into a noun loaded with pejorativeconnotations may be the Clinton campaign's most lasting legacy as the word andits implications transcend the political and move into the general society andthe world of work. Clinton has routinized the use of the most extreme and loadedrhetoric to tar the reputations of political opponents and the public hasadopted her tactic and carried it forward into others areas of American life.Clinton's original intent was to set up a simple straw man argument: Everybodyis opposed to X, Y, and Z. Trump and his supporters are X, Y, and Z. Therefore,everybody should oppose Trump.While she was right that the overwhelmingly vast majority of Americans opposesracism, sexism, etc. as they are commonly understood, she overestimated thedegree to which the public at large had bought into the progressiveredefinitions of these terms.For instance, most Americans view racism as the discrimination against orpersecution of blacks and other minorities, based on their skin color or ethnicbackground. The term calls up visions of marching Klansmen, church burnings andJim Crow. Racism of this type has been largely eradicated in America and, totheir credit, most Americans of every political persuasion reject this kind ofhateful behavior.When Clinton refers to "the racist" though, she's not referring to David Duke-oreven Robert Byrd. She's using a constantly evolving understanding of the termthat continually twists to the advantage of progressives. In her parlance,someone who has the temerity to say "All Lives Matter" or refuses to accept theargument that all Caucasians in America unfairly benefit from "white privilege"in everything they do, can be labeled a racist. She could be talking aboutRepublican soccer moms.Likewise, somebody who questions the tendentious statistic that women are paid77 cents for each dollar earned by men could be labeled sexist. If you acceptthe past two thousand years of Western tradition regarding marriage, you arehomophobic. Recognizing that even a nation of immigrants has legitimate reasonsto control its borders infers xenophobia. And, of course, discerning that whilenot all Muslims are terrorists, Islamo-facist terrorists are almost alwaysMuslim can only mean you are Islamaphobic.This attempt to reshape the vernacular is designed to reshape the arguments ofthe day in a manner that eliminates any defense. Instead of discussing issues,opponents have to constantly defend themselves against baseless charges of biaswhich automatically give the advantage to the side leveling the charges. In thisenvironment, name calling pays.Now that the election is over, partisans are using these same tactics to reshapethe workplace in much the same way that the political landscape has already beenreshaped. Last week, GrubHub CEO Matt Maloney sent a companywide letter toemployees which was very critical of Donald Trump's election, politics, andtactics arguing that Trump's "behavior-and these views, have no place atGrubHub. Had he worked here, many of his comments would have resulted in hisimmediate termination."While Trump's behavior and views were certainly controversial, the"deplorableness" of them is open to debate. Maloney left no doubt about where hestood, however, saying, "If you do not agree with this statement then pleasereply to this email with your resignation because you have no place here. We donot tolerate hateful attitudes on our team."Again, the term "hateful attitudes" is what is really at issue. Maloney laterissued a clarification saying that "the message of the email is that we do nottolerate discriminatory activity or hateful commentary in the workplace, andthat we will stand up for our employees." Laudable, but his condemnation ofTrump indicated that "hateful commentary" within GrubHub may not necessarily bethe same as in the nation at large. In any case, employees at GrubHub certainlyknow where the boss stands on intolerance-and in the political arena.This week at TheWall Street Journal's CEO Council Sen. Elizabeth Warren warnedthose in attendance that "bigotry is bad for business." Again, who can arguewith that statement? Bigotry is bad for business and bad for America. The realquestion is whether someone is a bigot just because they don't conform to theprogressive version of reality laid out by the senior senator fromMassachusetts. Warren is a huge proponent of diversity and diversity clearly isgood for business. But is the good senator as comfortable with diversity ofthought and opinion?  Those are good for business, too.Some research suggests that candidates don't necessarily benefit by sharing thepolitical affiliation of those interviewing them, but they can be harmed if theydon't share that political affiliation. Deplorability, however, extends beyondpolitical affiliation into attitudes, beliefs, and lifestyle-and both sides havetheir own version of what is politically deplorable. Do we really want to extendthese political feuds into the workplace?It's not hard to imagine where this could lead. Imagine a hypothetical workplaceof the near future. Ron is a Sales Manager of a small B2B manufacturing firm.He's interviewing Christian for a Sales Rep position. Christian has therequisite education, experience, and industry contacts to excel in this role.He's bright, personable, and accomplished. Still, there's something that'sconcerning Ron.At the bottom of his resume, under a section titled "Other Interests" Chis haslisted the organization Knights of Columbus. Hmmm. Catholic. Is this guy somebleeding heart-a social justice warrior? He's probably for open borders.Anti-gun. Anti-death penalty. Our customers are real tough guys. How are theygoing to react to somebody like this?Unable to make a decision, but unwilling to take a pass on such a qualifiedcandidate, Ron decides to ask his colleague Debbie to meet with Christian.Debbie is the company's Marketing Manager and they work closely together on alot of issues. Ron and Debbie like and respect each other and work welltogether. Debbie, however, gets stuck on the same line on Christian's resume.Catholic. How horribly backward. A defender of the patriarchy. He probablyopposes women making their own healthcare decisions. We have gay people thatwork here. How are they going to react to somebody like this?In the end, Ron and Debbie decide to take a pass on hiring Christian. He seemsqualified, but they both agree that there's something about him that just won'tquite fit at their firm.As a recruiter, I see candidates passed over all the time. Sometimes forskill-based reasons: A candidate doesn't have enough experience analyzing IRIdata or operating a specific ERP system. Sometimes for personality basedreasons: A candidate isn't outgoing enough to excel in a sales job or has a badattitude. Sometimes the client just can't pinpoint a reason. There's justsomething that makes them unfit for hire. Our current political environment hasthe potential for seeping into businesses and hiring decisions in ways not seenbefore. We're creating new reasons to find qualified candidates unfit.Business should be about groups of people banding together for a common goal.Differing skill sets combined to serve customers at a profit. That's it.Political affiliation shouldn't matter. Religion, race, sex and a whole varietyof already legally protected factors shouldn't influence hiring decisions. Butwe're now crossing into the very dangerous area of classifying people by howthey think and punishing them for thoughts that aren't approved of by ourpolitical elites. Our politics are already suffering as a result. Our businesseswill suffer as well and should firmly reject this notion.Disclosure: Donald Trump is the father-in-law of Jared Kushner, the publisher ofObserver Media.Keith Liscio is the president of Patrickson-Hirsch Associates, an ExecutiveSearch firm specializing in the placement of marketing executives atconsumer-focused organizations. He is also a Third Degree Knight of Columbus.Make of that what you will.