Cheers: To Thanksgiving dinners. Thanks to the efforts of several civicleaders, a beloved Vancouver tradition is returning this holiday season after aone-year hiatus. For more than 30 years, a free Thanksgiving dinner was servedto anybody who needed one at Chronis' Restaurant and Lounge, but circumstancesled to the cancellation of the event last year. Now, thanks to longtime judgeRich Melnick, the Chronis family, and Mark Matthias, owner of BeachesRestaurant & Bar and WareHouse '23, the event has been revived. Dinner will beserved at WareHouse '23, at 100 Columbia St., from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. onThanksgiving Day. Former mayor Royce Pollard also deserves kudos for helping tobring the effort together. Over the years, Melnick estimates, tens of thousandsof people have been served, reflecting the generous spirit of the season andthe people of Vancouver.Jeers: To state Sen. Mike Baumgartner. The Spokane Republican generated a minorcontroversy last week by sharing news that is apparently false. Baumgartnertweeted out comments that some classes at Washington State University inPullman had been canceled in the wake of the presidential election. Thatresulted in inquiries to university officials, who surveyed deans and found noevidence that classes were canceled because of the election.Baumgartner, whosays he heard the news from credible sources, now says he plans to ask thestate's four-year universities for a list of all classes that were canceled inthe days following the election and the reasons for those cancellations.Baumgartner has a history of putting himself in a hole, and this is one time heshould stop digging.Cheers: To city of Vancouver officials. City employees this week undertookefforts to clean up the streets around Share House near downtown, areas wherehomeless people frequently camp. The cleanup was necessary, with city codeenforcement officer Randy Scrivner noting, "It's about saying that the city'sright of way is not a place to store things."At the same time, officials aresensitive to the needs of those who are homeless and who don't have anotherlocation to store their belongings. Dealing with the city's homeless populationrequires sensitivity toward local residents, but also an acknowledgement thatthe homeless don't have other options.Jeers: To influenza. Flu season, apparently, has arrived earlier than expectedin Clark County. County officials have noted an increase in positive flu tests,and PeaceHealth Southwest Medical Center is instituting restrictions onvisitors and staff to help stem the spread of germs.Last year's flu season didnot pick up until mid-January, and incidents peaked in mid-April. This year'smost common strain appears to be influenza A virus, which is included in thisyear's vaccine. Officials remind residents that it is not too late to receive aflu shot, and this gives us an opportunity to remind citizens that allrecommended vaccinations are important for protecting the health of thecommunity.Cheers: To state lawmakers. Admittedly, this could easily warrant jeers, but wechoose to take the glass-half-full view and commend legislators for examiningteachers' salaries as part of an effort to meet school funding mandates.Lawmakers have been holding hearings to discuss and compare salaries in tryingto adhere with the court-ordered McCleary decision.The glass-half-empty view isthat lawmakers should have done this four years ago, when the state SupremeCourt handed down the McCleary ruling. But the efforts represent a logical steptoward fulfilling the state's duty during next year's legislative session.