Viewed through any conventional lens, President-elect Donald Trump's candidacywas improbable from start to finish. Today, two things about his victory seem tobe in sharper focus: one, that Trump's victory might best be understood as thesuccess of the country's first independent president, and second, that the Trumpcoalition may be even more uniquely his than President Obama's has turned out tobe.Think again about how he prevailed. There are a handful of major events during ageneral election that give the nominees a chance to showcase themselves, theirjudgment and their vision. One is the selection of a running mate. Another isthe staging of the conventions. A third is performance in the debates. HillaryClinton did better than Trump on all three tests, though Trump's team believesthe debates did not fall so decisively in her favor.Then there are the other factors that go into producing a successful candidacy.These include resources, the operations and mechanics of campaigning, and theskill with which candidates avoid mistakes and deal with the unexpectedsetbacks.Clinton raised more money than Trump. She had a larger number of paid stafferson the ground in the battleground states. She ran more television ads by far. Hecreated needless controversies throughout the general election, while herproblems were far fewer. Only in the final days did he seem surer of himself.In other words, Trump came out the loser on virtually every aspect of howcampaigns are usually evaluated. Yet today he is staffing his administration andClinton is still absorbing the brutal shock of having lost a race she believedwas hers.Trump owes his success in part to the fact that he ran for president in anenvironment that favored change over the status quo. But his luck or genius goesbeyond that. It has long been noted that the conditions have existed for anindependent candidate to run a serious campaign for president. The level ofdissatisfaction with Washington, the anxiety over the economy and the generallysour mood about the future provided the foundation for a campaign by someonefrom outside the system, who is tied to neither political party and with apromise to shake things up.What has stood in the way of people running as an independent is that winningthe presidency in a system that so clearly favors the two major parties issomething of a hopeless cause. That's a big reason former New York mayor MichaelBloomberg decided not to run several times when he seriously explored the idea.Trump took the elements of an independent candidacy - the lack of clearideology, the name recognition of a national celebrity and the personal fortuneneeded to fund a presidential campaign - and then did what no one seemed to havethought of before. He staged a hostile takeover of an existing major party. Hehad the best of both worlds, an outsider candidacy with crosscutting ideologicalappeal and the platform of a major party to wage the general election. By thetime he had finished, he had taken down two political dynasties: the Bushdynasty in the primaries and the Clinton dynasty in the general election.All through the campaign, one big question was whether 2016 would produce a newelectoral map. Mostly this was an outgrowth of the idea that demography isdestiny. This was shorthand for the hope among Democrats that changingdemographics - rising numbers of Hispanics in particular - along with a growingproportion of the population with college degrees would move some states fromred to purple and others from purple to blue.One example was the way the Clinton team saw Virginia and Colorado as two statesthat had moved toward the Democrats during the Obama years and now were securelyin the party's column. They also saw an opportunity to win in Arizona this yearand thought that Georgia would soon become a true battleground. Even bright redTexas looked more in play during the early fall.The flip side of this "demography is destiny" concept was that, for a time, theRepublicans might have their best opportunity to change the map by focusing on ahandful of Northern industrial states, all of which have older, whiterpopulations and lower percentages of college graduates.But with the exception of Ohio, those states - Pennsylvania, Michigan andWisconsin - were all part of what the Atlantic's Ron Brownstein long ago dubbedthe "Blue Wall." The phrase was shorthand for states that as of 2012 had votedDemocratic in six consecutive presidential elections. Despite the demographics,it seemed that wall would be too high an obstacle for Trump to surmount in thiselection, even though his messages on trade and immigration were tailor-made forvoters in that region.What happened was that this map of a new America came true only in part. Trumpconverted the portion of the map that was suddenly hospitable to his message,and Clinton failed to win the states that someday might lean more Democratic.The northern map was riper for picking by Trump - barely, given the tightresults in Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania - than the Southern map turnedout to be for Clinton.For Republicans, the fact that Trump won the presidency while losing the popularvote should remain a concern. It was the second time in five recent electionsthat the GOP has gotten to the White House with fewer votes, as Clinton probablywill emerge with a clear plurality and a raw vote margin significantly higherthan Al Gore in 2000.An analysis by Mark Gersh of the National Committee for an Effective Congresslooked at the vote in 14 swing states vs. the rest of the country. Trump won thepopular vote in those 14 states and got 142 of his electoral votes from them. Inthe other 36 states, he lost the popular vote by an even larger margin. He foundthe votes where he needed them. She did not.How did he do it? Take a look at Ohio. For years, the state has been a classicbellwether and, in the three previous elections, ground zero in the battle forthe White House. This year it went to Trump by eight points and shifted from itshistorical norm by the biggest margin in more than half a century.Mike Dawson, an expert on election statistics in Ohio, did an analysis of thevote last week for the Columbus Dispatch. What he found was that Trump'spercentage was higher than that of Mitt Romney in 2012 in 83 of the state's 88counties. Trump's percentage in rural southeast Ohio was the biggest sinceHerbert Hoover in 1928. In the Youngstown area, once reliable Democratic turf,Trump got 52percent of the vote, compared with 39 percent that Romney got in2012.Ohio was not unique. Similar patterns existed in the other Northern industrialstates. Yet in the three formerly blue states that Trump converted, Clintonmight have won had she not suffered erosion among African American voters - onekey portion of the Obama coalition - or prevented more white, college-educatedvoters from moving away from her and returning home to the GOP, the group herteam saw as a key element of a new Clinton coalition.Trump redrew the map just as he redrew the rules for running a campaign. Forthose reasons alone, and despite all the controversy of his campaign and theearlier personnel appointments, he ought not to be underestimated and/or seenthrough conventional lenses.A personal note: We said a sad but joyful farewell this week to Gwen Ifill, theco-anchor of the "PBS NewsHour" and the moderator of PBS's "Washington Week."She was both colleague and friend, and one could not have asked for anythingbetter in both. She broke barriers and earned through hard work and strength ofcharacter every journalistic award and accolade that came her way.She was a mentor and role model for scores of journalists - some younger, manyher contemporaries. She was the best of friends, loyal and vibrant and loving.And she had the greatest smile imaginable. She will be long remembered, andneither the light of her smile nor the example she provided all of us will everbe extinguished.dan.balz@washpost.com