The push to kick the Islamic State out of Mosul will continue into 2017.Britain will begin to separate itself from the European Union in 2017.A total eclipse of the sun is expected Aug. 21, 2017. It will be visible acrossthe United States.German Chancellor Angela Merkel will seek re-election to a fourth term in 2017.The war on terrorIraq's campaign against the Islamic State is expected to continue next year. TheIraqi military launched a campaign on Oct. 17 to retake Mosul, Iraq's secondlargest city and the extremist group's last major urban bastion in the country.Most gains have been made by the special forces operating in the section ofMosul east of the Tigris river. Other forces are advancing on the city fromdifferent directions, and the U.S.-led coalition is providing airstrikes andother support. The Islamic State captured Mosul in the summer of 2014 as part ofa blitz that placed nearly a third of Iraq under their control. Iraqi troops,federal police and allied Shiite and Sunni militias have over the past yearpushed the militants from most of the vast Sunni province of Anbar, west ofBaghdad, and areas to the north and east of the Iraqi capital.Britain beginsits exit from theEuropean UnionBritish Prime Minister Theresa May plans to start the process to separate thecountry from the European Union by the end of March 2017. Officials say a recentcourt ruling requiring her to seek Parliament's approval before initiating theseparation will not slow the government's timetable. There is significantopposition to leaving the EU among Labour Party, Liberal Democrat and ScottishNational Party lawmakers. A number of Conservative Party members also oppose themove. The government, however, faces strong political pressure to respect thereferendum that passed with 52 percent of the vote on June23. Once it starts, the separation process is expected to take about two years.Will the populistrevolt continue inEurope?Elections in France and Germany will test whether the populist tide thatelectedDonaldTrumppresident in the United States and fueled the vote in Britainto exit the European Union will continue.In France, conservatives are expected to have a strong chance of victory in nextspring's presidential election. The main challenger next year may turn out to befar-right leader Marine Le Pen, who is hoping anti-immigrant, anti-Muslim andanti-establishment sentiment can propel her to the presidency. Her chances werelong been discounted among political prognosticators in France, but that changedafter Trump's victory.In Germany, Chancellor Angela Merkel says she will seek re-election in 2017.Merkel, facing a backlash against asylum seekers, ended months of speculationabout whether she would seek a fourth term and again take up her party'sstandard as a populist tide rises across Europe. Polls have shown she stillenjoys strong support, if less so than before Germany, a country of about 80million people, opened its doors to nearly 1 million new arrivals last year.Watching IranIran will hold its next presidential election in May 2017, a vote in whichmoderate President Hassan Rouhani may seek a second term to push ahead withreforms resisted by powerful hardliners. Rouhani last year struck a deal withworld powers on curbing Iran's nuclear program in exchange for relief fromsanctions and has sought to open Iran's economy to foreign investors. FormerPresident Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, the populist conservative who was one of theWest's most reliable antagonists during his eight years in office, has been toldnot to run by Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, the most powerful figure in Iran.A few key U.S.electionsOnly two states hold gubernatorial races next year, while a number of big citieswill hold mayoral races. In New Jersey, Republican Gov. Chris Christie, an earlyTrump supporter, will leave office because of term limits. The Republican brandthere has been tarnished for now by the Bridgegate scandal, in which two ofChristie's former allies were convicted in a plot to close the George WashingtonBridge in 2013 to punish a Democratic mayor for not backing Christie'sre-election. Virginia will be closely watched: Four Republicans will test whichmessages will be effective in the coming Trump era as the party seeks to reclaimthe seat being vacated by Democrat Terry McAuliffe, who cannot run again becauseof term limits. Several big cities will be hold mayoral elections, including NewYork, Los Angeles, Atlanta, Boston, Charlotte, Seattle and St. Louis.A dark day we'll all rememberDon't say you weren't warned: Aug. 21, 2017 "may turn out to be the most popularvacation-day request in history," Michael E. Bakich writes in Discover magazine- so you may want to get that time-off request in early. Why? Because on thatdate - for the first time in 99 years - a total eclipse of the sun will bevisible across the United States, from sea to temporarily-not-shining sea.Millions of Americans will be in easy driving distance of a spectacle that hasbeen called indescribable, unforgettable, even life-altering. The sun willdisappear for about 2? minutes, beginning in Oregon about 10:15 a.m. local time;the phenomenon will move eastward, ending an hour and a half later in SouthCarolina. In between, the eclipse will be visible from Grand Teton and the GreatSmoky Mountains national parks, from St. Louis and Kansas City and Charleston,S.C., and all points in between. The last time a total eclipse was visible coastto coast was June 8, 1918, and it was front-page news nationwide.