From reading the torrent of progressive post-mortems since the presidentialelection, it is hard to believe there ever was anything good to say aboutHillary Clinton.Not her lifetime of tireless work devoted to the welfare of children andfamilies, nor her widely praised performances as a U.S. senator and secretary ofstate. Instead of Clinton, some say, the candidate should have been BernieSanders because he would have better aligned with the populist fever grippingthe nation. Of course that ignores how folks on the center left, let alonegenuine swing voters, would have reacted to his primal advocacy of unabashedsocialism, his support for taxpayer-paid college tuition and so forth.Or at least, others argue, Clinton should have more strongly distanced herselffrom the identity politics of social and cultural issues and instead focusedlaser-like on the economic issues most important to the now-famous, non-urban,blue-collar white voter.Wait, isn't that what Russ Feingold tried?In a visit with the Cap Times editorial board five weeks before the election,Feingold described in detail many meaningful interactions on main streets andcoffee shops about pocketbook issues with Wisconsin residents of variedpolitical stripes.Feingold visited every Wisconsin county in 2015 and again in 2016. He focused oneconomic issues such as paid family leave, raising the minimum wage, makingcollege more affordable. He was also an outspoken foe of the Trans-PacificPartnership trade agreement, which became a de facto bogeyman for those whothink American workers have been sold out by international trade deals.And if Clinton was stiff and lacked charisma, Feingold was a comfortablecampaigner, personable and quick-witted, a Rhodes Scholar and Harvard Law gradin a flannel shirt, yet someone who never condescended.And, here's the thing: He still lost, and by a greater margin than Clinton didin Wisconsin.No, much criticism of Clinton since the election seems to me to fall under theheading of "mansplaining," which for those unfamiliar describes a man telling awoman the way things really are in a way that is really patronizing. Some ofthat has even appeared in the Cap Times.I suspect many women believe sexism had much to do with Clinton's demise ? thather gender helps explain why she was seen as "unlikable" and "untrustworthy."Those same women have likely noticed a barrage of friendly fire directed atClinton by second-guessing progressive males since Election Day.These voices bring to mind the old saying about editorial writers ? they comedown out of the hills after the battle to shoot the wounded.No, something much bigger than Clinton's flaws, whatever they were, facesDemocrats, and it was partly explained in a thought-provoking essay after theelection in the Harvard Business Review: "What So Many People Don't Get Aboutthe U.S. Working Class."In it, Joan Williams, a legal scholar at the University of California's HastingsCollege of the Law, contended that the so-called "class culture gap" hurtClinton for a reason I had not understood.Her thesis also helps explain why Scott Walker has been able to win elections bydemonizing Wisconsin's educated elite even though he is financed and manipulatedby the state's truly wealthy, the kind of people who have come to dominateWisconsin Manufacturers & Commerce and other right-wing organizations in orderto ensure average workers are deprived of the benefits of collective bargaining.Williams explains that the white working class generally resents highly educatedprofessionals, often liberal-leaning, because they resemble managers who hasslethem at work every day.She quotes Alfred Lubrano from his 2004 book titled "Limbo: Blue-Collar Roots,White-Collar Dreams," where he writes that workers often perceive such managersas college kids "who don't know shit about how to do anything but are full ofideas about how I have to do my job."Williams cites multiple sources in asserting how blue-collar folks do notsimilarly resent the truly wealthy. The truly rich have achieved financialindependence because they earned it, this reasoning goes. You know, people likeDonald Trump.In this framing, Democrats, including Clinton, resemble their entitled managers:"Hillary Clinton ? epitomizes the dorky arrogance and smugness of theprofessional elite.""Worse," Williams writes, "her mere presence rubs it in that even women from herclass can treat working-class men with disrespect.""Manly dignity is a big deal to working class men," Williams writes. Trumppromises a return to an era "when men were men and women knew their place."Still, no one is attributing all of this to sexism. It would be a mistake tohaughtily condemn these attitudes without seeking a path to help such men ? andwomen ? navigate the fast-evolving and, for them, unfriendly global economicterrain.I suspect many Democrats recognize they need to be less defined by identitypolitics even as they continue to fight racism, sexism, homophobia andxenophobia. But they need to do so with the economic well-being and security ofall Americans at the forefront of their plans and in their messaging.A big obstacle to getting there is that making the case for better schools androads and clean air and water requires a foundation of trust. Voters would needto embrace the common good, to approach public affairs with open-mindedness, asort of altruism.But Republicans have cleverly ? brilliantly even ? managed over many years tosmear anyone who enters politics other than those who vow to tear it down.(Think about the laughably named "Freedom Caucus," a hateful collection of teapartiers in the U.S. House.) No, the path is fraught.It will take time for Trump's backers to realize that his tax plans are designedto benefit the wealthy, not them, that his promise to resuscitate U.S.manufacturing is a ridiculous hoax, and that, instead of making us safer, hisbelligerent anti-Islam rhetoric is in fact a potent recruitment tool forterrorists.Yet, progressives must recognize that in turbulent times, Trump and his backershave a big edge in the visceral, no-nonsense product they're selling ? fear andshort-term self-interest.That's an easier message to sell than earnest plans to invest in education andinfrastructure, to equip young people and displaced adults for the global,technical economy, and for a widespread spirit of unity and shared sacrifice.Those real solutions will be difficult and take time.For now, it's easier just to mansplain about Hillary.