HIGHLIGHT: In recent weeks, have you experienced, witnessed or heard aboutdiscord between people who hold opposing political views?In today's article, you'll read about "a turbulent week of tears, fury anddemonstrations" at an Iowa high school.What is the general feeling at your school since Election Day?In "At Iowa High School, Election Results Kindle Tensions and Protests," JulieBosman writes:Like many other schools around the country since the election, West High hasbecome a microcosm of the United States itself, a place roiled by tension,divisions and mistrust. Students in many schools say supporters of Donald J.Trump have felt empowered to lash out at minorities, while outraged backers ofHillary Clinton have been spurred to organize and demonstrate. And teachers havebeen struggling to provide guidance even as they themselves are processing theelection results.In Ladue, Mo., a suburb of St. Louis, students walked out of a high school twicein a week to protest racist comments made at school after the election of Mr.Trump. Two students were disciplined for telling black students boarding a busthat they should sit in the back.Swastikas were drawn in a boys' bathroom at a middle school in Bethesda, Md.,which has many Jewish students. Children all over the country, particularlyLatinos and Muslims, have fearfully asked teachers and guidance counselorswhether they and their families will be deported.The Southern Poverty Law Center, which has been tracking thousands of suchepisodes since the election, said the most commonly reported locations forharassment were K-12 schools."It's impossible to wall schools off from the rest of society," said MaureenCostello, the director of Teaching Tolerance, a program of the law center. "It'sjust seeped into the culture. Kids are hearing it at home and they're amplifyingit."At West High, some teachers and parents have encouraged students to walk out ofclass to protest racism and sexism and to support a pluralistic society. Otherswere livid at the protests, saying the teenagers were overreacting. Some emailedadministrators to ask why some students were allowed to skip class for protestsduring a crucial finals week.Students: Read the entire article, then tell us:- What is your reaction to the actions of the students described in the article?- Have you witnessed or heard of anything comparable at your school or in nearbyschools? Explain.- Why do you think K-12 schools are, according to the Southern Poverty LawCenter, the most commonly reported locations for harassment since thepresidential election?- How do you think parents, teachers and school administrators should handleincidents like those described in the article?Students 13 and older are invited to comment. All comments are moderated by theLearning Network staff, but please keep in mind that once your comment isaccepted, it will be made public.