There's a lot of crazy talk out there charging the "deplorables" who voted forDonald Trump with racism, misogyny, bigotry, Islamophobia, homophobia, etc. Thisis all part of established anarchist groups using their tools in the mainstreammedia to "bit bleach" the public's brain and cover up the failed policies of theprogressives over the past eight years.The fact is, Trump took 31 out of 50 states, racking up 306 electoral votesagainst Hillary's 232. He took several states that voted overwhelmingly forPresident Obama the last two elections and some states that haven't goneRepublican in 30-plus years. Ditto for hundreds and hundreds of staunchlyDemocratic counties. I guess all these places miraculously turned racist, etc.,overnight to elect Trump.The problem with progressive philosophy is that it operates in an abstract worldwhere all hypotheticals are possible. So, protecting the environment by killingpipelines (which are far safer than Warren Buffet's railroad transports of oil)and destroying the coal industry and so on becomes a priority, but theassociated millions of jobs lost and people dashed into poverty are neverconsidered.Creating a healthcare mandate that produces premiums that no one can afford,calling it the Affordable Care Act and then putting the IRS attack dogs onpeople who don't and can't afford to buy the insurance sounded good at one time,but is a failure. Then, the Democrats trot out a candidate that deliberatelyviolated her oath of office in so many ways it is hard to enumerate and theywonder how they lost.This election had to do with people being so fed up with the status quo and theperceived corruption of the establishment that they elected an egotisticalblowhard on the merits of being an outsider and seemingly having his heart inthe right place.Emery Borsodi,Las CrucesCandidate with the most votes should win electionIn America, the team that scores the most points wins. In competitions of allsorts, the person who gets the most votes is declared the victor. Even at thestate level, the candidate who receives the most votes wins.But when it comes to electing a person to lead our nation, the candidate whogets the most votes doesn't always win, as it turned out this time around. Blamethe antiquated and badly outdated Electoral College, where each state isassigned a set number of "electors" based on population and congressionalrepresentation. In the recent presidential election, the Electoral Collegesystem is the elephant in the room. Although the final vote counts won't beknown for a while, it looks like Hillary Clinton will handily win the popularvote count. Nonetheless, Donald Trump triumphed because he won the mostelectoral votes based on state totals.This is only the fourth time this has happened in our nation's history, but thesecond time it's occurred in this century. Al Gore received a half million morevotes than George W. Bush in 2000, but lost the election based on electoralvotes and a biased Supreme Court decision regarding Florida's vote count. Thislegacy of America's earliest government enshrined in the Constitution needs tobe relegated to the trash bin of history. It likely won't be. Republicans,especially, would oppose such a leveling of the playing field.To amend the Constitution to do away with the Electoral College, two-thirds ofboth houses of Congress must agree to bring it to a vote and then three-fourthsof state legislatures would have to vote to amend. Or a convention would have tobe called by two-thirds of the states to address the issue - not likely in anation virtually split 50-50 in governing philosophies.Rob McCorkle,Las CrucesState Tax and Revenue needs to get on the ballWhat is going on at the New Mexico Taxation and Revenue? I have three businessesand file and pay gross receipt taxes (CRS) online. Two of those are quarterlyand one is monthly. Payments are taken directly from the checking account ofeach business. What was due in October was paid. Today, I get a "Demand forPayment" letter concerning each of my businesses, although the state has alreadytaken the amounts out of each account.Of course, they added penalty and interest to each of the amounts due. What now?Glitches? Someone needs to get on the ball.Alice B. Davenport,MOONBOW Alterations, Porch Light Press