It's hard not to wonder what senior-focused public programs and policy will becrafted as the number of Americans who fall into older age brackets continues togrow. Experts in aging policy and caregiving are pondering what the electionwill mean to programs like Medicare, senior housing and Social Security.It was a hot topic last week at the Gerontological Society of American annualmeeting in New Orleans, where several thousand experts who care for and aboutthe nation's elderly gathered. I attended as a recipient of a 2016 Journalistsin Aging Fellowship supported by New American Media, the Gerontological Societyof America and the Silver Century Foundation.Experts pondered, among other things, "significant potential changes withMedicaid and Medicare," as Brian W. Lindberg, executive director of the ConsumerCoalition for Quality Health Care, put it.He joked that, while preparing to make presentations on what to expect,"everybody threw out their powerpoint" once the national election results werein.There's no way to predict accurately what a new administration will do,especially as one political party now controls House, Senate and White House.Since the president-elect hasn't been part of the policy-making process, it'sharder to predict his preferences or the alliances he will form to drive policyand how that will change things.That means both "challenges and opportunities. ... We may have to come up withcompromises to protect programs," Lindberg told reporters at a press briefing.Lots of people predict big changes to hot campaign topics like immigration andthe Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) because of promises made during thepresidential campaign. But many Americans - especially older Americans - may notrealize programs like Medicare and Social Security, on which they rely and thatthey probably take somewhat for granted, could be impacted. For instance, HouseSpeaker Paul Ryan has made no secret of the fact he'd like to see Medicare, thenation's health insurance program for the elderly, changed to a voucher system.That's a dramatic program overhaul.Dr. Toni Miles, director of the University of Georgia's Institute ofGerontology, thinks people may have forgotten Medicare's historic civil rightsroots. "No one talks about it in those terms," she said, adding Medicare stoppedageism and desegregated hospitals. It also pays to educate doctors.Other conference experts said few people connect undoing ACA to changingMedicare, but it would. There's "a lot of reform of Medicare on the delivery andpayment side of ACA," said Robyn I. Stone, a former assistant secretary foraging and executive director of the LeadingAge Center for Applied Research.That ACA and Medicare are somewhat intertwined will make it harder to repeal theact, she predicted. Who, she asked, wants to undo the fix to what has beencalled the Medicare donut hole - the gap some older Americans hit betweenprescription coverage limits in Part D Medicare and the amount wherecatastrophic coverage kicks back in? For some, that hole has been trulycatastrophic in the past and vexed politicians, policymakers and programparticipants alike."ACA is huge. You can't repeal it without hurting a lot of people, including theelderly," Stone said. She predicted that even "playing with" Medicaid, whichcovers the poorest Americans, would greatly impact elderly people because it'sthe safety net that provides long-term care for those who otherwise would nothave options or who have depleted even their sometimes-considerable resources topay for nursing home care.Amid the worries, a few experts noted that programs could also get a boost. It'stoo soon to say. But it's certainly something that older Americans - and theiryounger caregivers, relatives and friends - should watch closely.Congress reauthorized the Older Americans Act in April, with funding assuredthrough 2019.Email: lois@deseretnews.comTwitter: LoiscoLOAD-DATE: November 27, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHPUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper