Americans are accustomed to accepting the outcome of even the closest andhardest-fought presidential elections -- even those, such as the 2000 race thatput George W. Bush in the White House, in which the winner of the electoral votedidn't prevail in the popular vote.Yet three weeks after the final ballots were cast in the 2016 election, thenotion that the contest was "rigged" or otherwise lacking in legitimacy isalarmingly widespread. A YouGov poll conducted from Nov. 11-14 found that 22percent of respondents thought the election was rigged. Among Democrats thenumber was 42 percent. So pronounced is the disquiet that some usually serious commentators arespinning scenarios about reversing Donald J. Trump's victory through recounts ora revolt by members of the Electoral College. That seems highly unlikely. Eventhe Clinton campaign noted that it "had not uncovered any actionable evidence ofhacking or outside attempts to alter the voting technology." As for theElectoral College, there is no indication that a substantial number of electorswill rebel and support Clinton. Nevertheless, the unease is real. And whatever one thinks of the outcome of theelection -- and this page endorsed Hillary Clinton and repeatedly describedTrump as unfit -- a perception that the election was unfair is corrosive. To some extent, the popularity of the "rigged" theory reflects widespreaddisaffection with Trump, whose often offensive campaign rhetoric has inspiredprotests of "Not My President." But it also feeds on real and perceivedinterference with the election -- by Russian hackers, by the director of the FBIand by Republican officials who made it harder for Democratic-leaning citizensto vote -- and on fear-mongering about imaginary voter fraud. Ironically, the chief culprit in propagating the myth of that sort of "rigging"is Trump himself. During the campaign he sowed doubt about the integrity of theelection process, and even after his victory he has been peddling utterlyunsubstantiated claims about "millions" of illegally cast votes (in an effort toexplain away his second-place finish in the popular vote). On Sunday thepresident-elect tweeted: "Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire andCalifornia -- so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias -- bigproblem!" The actual big problem, as California secretary of state Alex Padillanoted, was that Trump's allegations were unsubstantiated and absurd. That's not to say that there aren't real issues and problems contributing topublic disaffection that need to be acknowledged and addressed. The ElectoralCollege, for instance, is an anti-democratic anachronism that should beabolished through a constitutional amendment. But its existence isn't proof thatthe election was "rigged"; if Clinton had won an electoral-vote majority andfinished second in the popular vote, her supporters would happily havecongratulated her. The hacking of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta's emails and those of theDemocratic National Committee -- by Russian state actors, according to some U.S.intelligence officials -- suggests that a foreign government might have utilizedtechnology to embarrass one candidate in a U.S. election and boost the candidateit preferred. That sort of interference is outrageous and ought to concernAmerican officials regardless of their party. While it's impossible to prove that it cost Clinton the election, FBI DirectorJames Comey's announcement on Oct. 28 that he was reopening the investigationinto her use as secretary of state of a private email server -- and hisfollow-up two days before the election reaffirming he would not seek chargesagainst her -- revived an issue that the Democratic candidate thought she hadput behind her. Comey's action violated the fundamental principle that the Justice Departmentdoesn't take unnecessary action close to Election Day that might affect theoutcome. In the future, he -- or his successors -- must refrain from suchintervention in the political process. Finally, there is at least some evidence that certain Republican legislaturesmade it harder for Democratic-leaning voters to cast their ballots and mighthave cost Clinton votes. The top election official in Milwaukee, for instance,said that a Wisconsin law requiring photo ID for voters probably contributed todeclines in turnout in poor areas of that city. Laws and policies that depress the vote are objectionable and ought to bereversed. But they aren't proof that the election was "rigged" in the sense thatvotes were fixed or fraudulent or intentionally tampered with. The distinctionmatters -- even if the election has produced a president who has trouble makingdistinctions. --Los Angeles TimesIn this Nov. 8 file photo, people vote at a polling place set up at the KenterCanyon Elementary School in Los Angeles. Tweets alone don't make it true. DonaldTrump won the presidency last month even as he lost the popular vote to DemocratHillary Clinton, according to The Associated Press's vote-counting operation andelection experts. Trump nonetheless tweeted on Nov. 26 that he won the popularvote. and alleged there was "serious voter fraud" in California, New Hampshireand Virginia. There's no evidence to back up those claims.