For Republicans fearful of a Donald Trump presidency, Mitt Romney was theirvoice and conscience. The GOP's 2012 presidential nominee became the unyieldingface of the resistance to the party's 2016 nominee.Then Trump won.One by one, Republicans who stood up to Trump or questioned his statements andantics have made a pilgrimage to Trump Tower to kiss the president-elect's ring,or joined his administration, or decided uncharacteristically to just keep theirmouths shut.And at long last Tuesday night, the figurehead of the "Never Trump" movementalso capitulated. After an intimate dinner with Trump of frog legs and diverscallops at a fine Manhattan restaurant (in a Trump-owned building), Romneypublicly acquiesced.In an apparent attempt to secure Trump's trust in him as a possible secretary ofstate, Romney lavished praise on the president-elect: Trump's dinner company was"enlightening and interesting and engaging" and his transition appointments givehim "increasing hope that President-elect Trump is the very man who can lead usto that better future."Romney's turnabout illustrates the power that comes with winning - the abilityto reshuffle the political hierarchy.In less than two months, Trump will be the president of the United States. Andwith Romney's move, Trump has officially and almost completely cowed theelements of the Republican Party that had shunned the real estate tycoon andreality-television star during the turbulent campaign.Some Republican Trump critics - such as Sens. John McCain (Ariz.), Jeff Flake(Ariz.), Lindsey O. Graham (S.C.) and Rand Paul (Ky.) - have shown some signs ofresistance and could emerge as counterweights to the new administration on someissues.But so far, at least, their postures have been relatively meek. McCain declaredTuesday that he was finished talking about Trump. Asked to weigh in on Trump'scall to penalize people who burn the American flag with jail time or loss ofcitizenship, McCain told CNN, "I have not been commenting on Mr. Trump, and Iwill continue not to comment on Mr. Trump."There are several reasons Romney and other Republicans who resisted Trump mayhave decided to bend the knee. For one, they are patriots and want to see the45th president succeed for the good of the nation. But they also are ambitiousand may want to serve in the administration, or at least see no upside toantagonizing a powerful enemy in the Oval Office."The GOP is folding like cheap tents to Trump's authoritarian nature/nationalistmessage," Matthew Dowd, formerly a top strategist on President George W. Bush'scampaigns and now an ABC News analyst, tweeted Wednesday morning.In a blistering speech in March, Romney called Trump a "con man," a "fake" and a"phony" who would lead the country to recession and peril. "He has neither thetemperament nor the judgment to be president, and his personal qualities wouldmean that America would cease to be a shining city on a hill," Romney said.But late Tuesday, after his dinner with Trump, Romney delivered a 332-wordstatement to the media that tried to wash all of that away. He also sounded anote of humility and subservience."By the way, it's not easy winning," he said. "I know that myself. He didsomething I tried to do and was unsuccessful in. He won the general election andhe continues with a message of inclusion and bringing people together, and hisvision is something which obviously connected with the American people in a verypowerful way."This may not have been the public apology that Trump's ardent loyalists havedemanded, but Romney's groveling no doubt pleased the president-elect.In another tweet Wednesday, Dowd wrote, "The degree of difficulty in Romney'sdive last night was greater than a reverse 4½ somersault in tuck position.Stunning flipflop."Romney is a finalist to serve as Trump's secretary of state. People familiarwith Romney's thinking say he is eager to return to public service and feels asense of patriotic duty to help the new president. Since ending his 2012campaign, Romney has become increasingly animated by world affairs and spentconsiderable time reimagining the United States' place in the world after theObama years. So he sees serving as the nation's top diplomat to be a naturalassignment.Ross Douthat, a conservative columnist, wrote recently in the New York Timesabout the dilemma Republicans who opposed Trump face during this transitionphase. "If they fear how Trump might govern, can they in good conscience workfor him?" Douthat wrote. "The answer, for now, is that they can and should - andindeed, precisely because they fear how Trump might govern, there is a moralresponsibility to serve."At Tuesday's dinner, Romney and Trump were joined by Reince Priebus, theRepublican National Committee chairman and incoming White House chief of staff,who is close to both men.Priebus described the conversation as productive and relaxed, saying they talkednot only about foreign policy but also about sports, bonding over their sharedregard for the New England Patriots and star quarterback Tom Brady.Asked Wednesday on MSNBC's "Morning Joe" whether Trump and Romney had reached apersonal comfort level, Priebus said: "Oh, I think so. I mean, I think it'sgetting to that point."He added: "Obviously there's a lot of respect, I think, for each other. And Ithink the relationship has built over time. They've talked many times on thephone."As Trump has met with dozens of potential appointees and other political andbusiness leaders in recent weeks, his advisers have stressed their ideologicaldiversity and the fact that many did not support him or offered their supportonly nominally.Consider, for instance, South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley. She spoke out againstTrump during the primaries. After he won the Republican nomination, sheeventually supported him, but she did little to help him in the generalelection. Yet after the election, she hit it off with Trump, and he wasimpressed enough with her to nominate her to serve as his ambassador to theUnited Nations."He's one of the most inherently curious people I've ever met in my life," VicePresident-elect Mike Pence said Tuesday night on Fox News. "To be in thesemeetings - we've had this galaxy of extraordinary men and women from a broadrange of backgrounds, you know, many Republicans, even some Democrats who havecome in and sat down."philip.rucker@washpost.com