Anti-U.S. media rhetoric may be toned down in Russia in the wake of the U.S.presidential election win of Donald Trump, but Hollywood is facing more talkabout possible protectionist measures in the country.Vladimir Medinsky, Russia's culture minister, on Sunday called for strictmeasures aimed at protecting local films against Hollywood and foreign releases."Without harsh protectionist measures for local cinema, for local productioncompanies, we won't be able to build an industry and protect our market fromHollywood and other similar products," he said on national TV network TV Center.Medinsky suggested that a model similar to that used in France could beintroduced in Russia, with a minimum quota for local releases. "French cinemaaccounts for up to 40 percent of all releases in France, it is completelyprotected," he said. "For them, cinema is a code for the nation, one of itsmajor ideas."The Russian government has been discussing restrictions for Hollywood andforeign releases for several years. When the relations between Russia and theU.S. deteriorated following Russia's annexation of Crimea and support forpro-Russian rebels in East Ukraine in 2014, the idea of restrictions onHollywood movies on ideological grounds was widely voiced. But no measures wereintroduced, and talk about them had subsided as of late.In the wake of Trump's election, Russian officials and legislators toned downtheir anti-U.S. statements and saidthey hoped the relations between the twocountries would "reboot." Some industry observers last week suggested this mightalso be good news for entertainment companies' Russian operations and could meanno renewed calls for quotas or other curbs.However, there continue to be financial reasons for calls to protect homegrownmovies as local releases have been doing badly this year, and two highlyanticipated ones, Duelyant (The Duelist) and Ledokol (The Icebreaker), recentlyfell shy of expectations. That means that Russian films have so far failed toreach a 20 percent share of total box office in the country this year astargeted by the cultural ministry.Through September of this year, the box-office share of homegrown movies standsat 18 percent. In 2015, that share of local films reached only 15 percent,compared with 17 percent in 2014 and 19 percent in 2013.Read more: Russian Media Turns Friendlier to U.S. After Trump Election Victory