Retired four-stars being eyed for top posts may challenge style, policyOn the campaign trail he complained that they had been "reduced to rubble." Atother moments he suggested that he might have to fire them all.Now that Donald Trump is president-elect, a parade of retired four-star generalshas been making its way through Trump Tower and the mogul's New Jersey golfcourse.Trump's sudden infatuation with the military's top brass is part theater, partnecessity and possibly a view into how he will govern. But it also raises abigger question: What does Trump, whose military experience consists of militaryboarding school and multiple draft deferments, understand about the country'sgeneral officer corps?At least six former generals are being considered for as many as four toppositions in a Trump administration - a concentration of military brass thatforeign policy experts said is unprecedented in the recent history of the UnitedStates. In their charcoal-gray suits and short haircuts, they look like anyother business executives. But these former officers, most of whom have spenttheir adult lives in the military and much of the past 15 years at war, areunlike the people Trump has encountered in corporate boardrooms. They are alsounlike the politicians and political operatives who have dominated his lifesince he declared his intention to run for the White House more than a year ago."He's going to find them a strange and alien life form," said retired Army Lt.Gen. David Barno, who commanded U.S. troops in Afghanistan. "They are motivatedby different things. They have their own ethos that is different from businessexecutives or entertainment people, and right now I think he's entranced bythat."The generals enjoy enormous public respect, and their plain-talking style anddeep overseas experience could help add luster to Trump's Cabinet. But thegenerals, if chosen for top jobs, could quickly feel put out by Trump'ssometimes-chaotic style, his tendency to repeat untruths and his controversialviews on Islam, torture, U.S. treaty obligations and the laws of war.When Trump talked about generals on the campaign trail, it was often todisparage them as political pawns of President Obama. "I know more about ISISthan the generals do, believe me," Trump said last year, using an acronym forthe Islamic State.In other moments he has lavished them with over-the-top praise. "They're so muchbraver than me," he said at a rally last fall in North Carolina. "I wouldn'thave done what they did. I'm brave in other ways. I'm financially brave."The president-elect's ideal of generalship frequently seems frozen in amber,harking back to his high school days at New York Military Academy. He regularlyheralds the toughness of such World War II luminaries as Gen. George S. Pattonand Gen. Douglas MacArthur, both of whom suffered major career setbacks forbucking authority.Trump has praised the ruthlessness of Gen. John "Black Jack" Pershing, citing anapocryphal story in which Pershing is said to have ordered his men to dip 50bullets in pigs' blood and kill 49 Muslim terrorists in the Philippines duringthe early 1900s. One survivor was supposedly set loose to warn the others."For 25 years, there wasn't a problem," Trump said. "Okay? Twenty-five years,there wasn't a problem."Trump's favorite former general seems to be James "Mad Dog" Mattis, a retiredMarine commander and a top contender for defense secretary whose hard-edgerhetoric in Iraq and Afghanistan has made him into something of an Internetmeme. "Be polite, be professional, but have a plan to kill everybody you meet,"he famously told Marines in Iraq.After their meeting in New Jersey this week, Trump tweeted that Mattis was "Atrue General's General!" and "the real deal."Among Pentagon insiders Mattis is also known for his intensity, smarts andability to build strong bonds with allies in the Middle East and Muslim world.There are many reasons - both practical and political - that Trump findsgenerals so attractive. His focus on senior officers to fill out top foreignpolicy positions, such as director of national intelligence and secretary ofdefense, reflects the president-elect's finely tuned understanding of thecountry and his base. "Trump loves generals so much because America loves thegenerals," said Phil Carter, an Iraq veteran and senior fellow at the Center fora New American Security. "Even if he doesn't pick any of them, just meeting withthem in public reflects glory on Trump."Because the generals are not creatures of Washington, Trump sees them as fellowoutsiders and kindred spirits. Most have spent their lives leading soldiers,sailors and Marines and can speak with a simplicity and directness that Trumpappreciates and often seems to emulate.And unlike a large percentage of the Republican Party foreign policyestablishment, the vast majority of retired generals did not sign lettersopposing his candidacy. "They aren't part of the foreign policy swamp," saidMark Cancian, a retired Marine colonel and senior adviser at the Center forStrategic and International Studies.Despite the military's appeal, Trump may be surprised by the generals on mattersof style and policy. Some of the fiercest resistance to enhanced interrogationtechniques, such as waterboarding, came from the military during the George W.Bush administration. Trump has said he backs such measures and admitted in aninterview on Tuesday with the New York Times that he was taken aback when Mattisdisagreed with him.Trump's campaign trail talk of temporarily banning Muslims or forcing them toregister with the U.S. government is certain to draw resistance from most seniormilitary officers, including those who have cycled through interviews with Trumpin recent days. Although retired Army Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, Trump's pick fornational security adviser, has described Islam as a threat to the United States,his views have alienated him from most generals and many of his former militarymentors."I don't think a single one of the generals, with the exception of Flynn, willbuy into Trump's view of the Islamic world," Barno said. "All of them willreject the notion that Islam is the problem or that Muslims are the problem."Trump's vision of ruthless battlefield commanders pursuing an implacable foemisses a lot about the modern general. The Iraq and Afghanistan wars havecertainly involved a lot of fighting and killing, but generals have also spentan inordinate amount of time worrying about winning over civilians, wooingfickle tribal elders and managing sensitive allies.They view alliances, such as NATO, as sacrosanct. Trump has said that the UnitedStates may not defend NATO allies who do not "pay their bills.""War involves fighting, but so much more," said retired Army Lt. Gen. JamesDubik, who oversaw the training of Iraqi forces in Baghdad from 2007 to 2008.The biggest difference between Trump and his generals could come in the realm ofmanaging risk. Most generals spent decades methodically working their waythrough a massive bureaucracy with its own unique set of politics, customs andbyzantine policies. They survived and in many cases thrived in a culture thatrewards conformity over the brash, go-it-alone approach that has characterizedTrump's career."There are a lot of bold and bright colonels who never made general," one formermilitary officer said.Trump's unprecedented courtship of the brass also raises some troublingquestions for a country built around civilian control of the military. Foryears, top U.S. officials have been pushing allies where the military dominatesthe highest levels of government, such as Egypt, Pakistan and Turkey, to cedemore authority to civilians.A general-heavy Trump administration could undermine that message. "This is away that less-democratic governments conduct themselves," said Kathleen Hicks, asenior official in the Obama administration and the Pentagon and an adviser tothe Hillary Clinton campaign.It also upends decades of tradition. "Civilian control is so fundamental to thecharacter and the way we think about the United States," said Jim Thomas, aformer top official in the George W. Bush administration. "It's something thatshould be preserved at all costs."The generals, though, may have the toughest adjustment when it comes to servingin a Trump administration. Most are accustomed to working through big staffs andoften rigid chains of command, a stark contrast to the improvisational nature ofTrump's campaign and to how he seems to be putting together his Cabinet."Right now Trump is interviewing the generals, but they are also interviewinghim," Barno said. "They must be wondering, 'Am I going to have to compromise myvalues and beliefs to work in this administration?' That's going to be a verytough question they all have to ask."greg.jaffe@washpost.com