Homes in Riverside still display Trump/Pence signs a week after the election.Harrison Twp. voting precinct C was one that swung from majority support for aDemocrat, President Barack Obama in 2012, to a win for Republican Donald Trumpon Nov. 8.In a quiet Harrison Township neighborhood nestled between North Dixie Drive andInterstate 75 sits Division Avenue - aptly named this election season.Tim Winterbotham had a campaign sign in his yard supporting Donald Trump that heclaims someone burned. Two doors down, Walt Lough had a Hillary Clinton signthat he said was stolen.The neighborhood is part of the large, diverse voting precinct Harrison-C, oneof several in Montgomery County that swung from majority support of PresidentObama in the last election to picking President-elect Donald Trump on Nov. 8.An analysis of voting data by the Dayton Daily News found four precincts whereObama won or tied in 2012 that saw close to 20-point shifts to the right twoweeks ago. These precincts helped secure the first win of Montgomery County fora Republican presidential candidate in 28 years.Lough said he has no idea why people would have switched from voting for Obamato supporting Trump."Clinton was the only choice," he said. He worries about the U.S. maintaininggood relationships with foreign nations under a Trump presidency.But Winterbotham thinks people are fed up with the liberal agenda they've seenwith Obama and weren't going to put up with the corruption they saw Clintonrepresenting. He said he talked to neighbors who were very concerned about theresponse to the terrorist attack on a U.S. embassy in Benghazi while Clinton wassecretary of state."They said this is the last person we need being commander in chief," he said."People were just sick of it and they just did not want a criminal leading thiscountry." He referenced investigations into Clinton's use of a private emailserver for which she has not been criminally charged.Although ideologically different, and representing different political parties,Obama and Trump had some things in common that may explain this dramatic shift,said Mark Caleb Smith, director of Cedarville University's Center for PoliticalStudies."They both were promising change," Smith said. "And so they voted for BarackObama because they still thought of him as the change tion to majorityRepublican this year, but there were some people who simply liked Obama anddidn't like Clinton.Pearson is one of them."She was starting to sound more like her husband ... with the emails, it soundedlike she was backpedaling," Pearson said.For her, trust was an issue. Trump, though brash, came off as in your face andsaying exactly what he meant, she said.Fewer votes castIn all four of the precincts the newspaper examined there were fewer registeredvoters than in 2012 and fewer total votes cast.In Harrison-C there were 225 fewer registered voters than four years ago, andonly 45 percent cast a ballot, compared to 50 percent in 2012.The drop in registered voters could also be attributed to turnover in rentalunits. Harrison-C is a sprawling precinct that includes hundreds ofsingle-family homes, but also the large, government-subsidized Northland Villageapartments.Clinton's campaign, Smith said, was never able to replicate the grassrootsmobilization to get people registered and to the polls that Obama's campaignsachieved.Mindy Wagers was one Clinton supporter who didn't vote. The young mother of twosmall children lives in the Overlook Mutual Homes complex. She feels like hervote doesn't count, citing the fact that Clinton won the popular vote but notthe presidency."I decided not to vote because, honestly, if voting mattered they wouldn't letus do it," she said.Contact this reporter at 937-328-0353 or email Katie.Wedell@coxinc.comcandidate. Donald Trump represented the most significant change in thiselection."Smith also noted that Trump's celebrity status and name recognition may havecontributed to his success."Montgomery County going Republican is odd, based on recent history," he said,but it will take several elections to determine if this is a trend or if voterswill continue to swing to whatever side presents the most dynamic candidate. ingby the federal government in 1943, but has been owned by the tenants since thelate 1950s. Neighbors say the more than 700 apartments are occupied by a mixtureof longtime residents and short-term tenants."There's a few of us that have been here for a while," said Paula Pearson, who'slived in her home on Eisenhower Drive for 15 years. She's watched people comeand go from half the units on her street in the past year."They stay here for a year or two before they can get some money saved up andthen they go and either buy a home or move and rent a bigger home."Turnover of tenants may have contributed to the large shift from a majorityDemocrat vote there in the 2012 presidential elec-Who to trust?The Riverside-H precinct encompasses the Overlook Mutual Homes, a privatelyowned cooperative of multi-unit buildings off Airway Road near Wright-PattersonAir Force Base.The neighborhood was built as emergency war hous-