Constitution rulesA recent StarNews editorial ponders the nullification of the Electoral Collegein favor of  majority rule.  That is the goal of Democrats who are working tocreate a cartel of states representing 270 electoral votes. The cartel wouldassure the election of the presidential candidate with the largest popular votetotal. This is expedient, because they know a Constitutional Amendment is notviable.The editorial rationalizes its position by saying communications are better nowthan in the late 1700s. It fails to mention that election fraud would beelevated from a supposedly rare aberration to a critical component of electioncampaign strategy. Do you remember the hanging chad fiasco? Multiply that by 51to appreciate what would happen if every vote, legitimate or not, couldliterally decide the presidential election. Can you spell voter ID?In large part the Founders created a republic, not a democracy, to protect theless populous states from being overrun by the others. This cartel would rendermost of the flyover states irrelevant.Rather than join the cartel, North Carolina should be the first state to declarethat in the event the cartel over-rides the Electoral College, any NCcongressperson from the new president s party would be replaced by theirstrongest election competitor. There are many ways to play political games.Tom Newcomb, WilmingtonElection shenanigansI must give Trump credit. He was right, the election was rigged!First was the media. It gave Trump his start with huge amounts of free exposureearly on, with little questioning. He dominated the airways in the beginning andit continued throughout the campaign. At the same time, we were bombarded 24/7with every iota of Clinton s email usage, yet with comparatively little coverageof Trump s business and tax skullduggery.And then came Wikileaks, constantly releasing Clinton and Democrat emails indetail. Note there was no countervailing exposure to Trump and Republicanemails. No matter, the networks  shameful feast on Clinton s continued unabated.Then we have the FBI director s obscene interference in the election. His actionis without precedent.One can t ignore our country s outrageous anachronism, the electoral college.This system can deprive a majority of Americans their choice for president, asit did in this election. Also, it negates the votes of millions of citizens whoreside in states that lean heavily toward one party.Gary Faulkner, WilmingtonClinton ghostsHillary Clinton will soon be back in the news. The FBI continues to investigateher for multiple possible offenses. Until she is either cleared or prosecuted,she will be with us.We know that President Obama emailed her using an alias. Did they shareclassified information on an unsecured server? Will he pardon her to stop theinvestigations that might implicate him? Will he do a Gerald Ford and pardon herto spare our country the agony of more investigations and possible prosecutions?Top Clinton aide Huma Abedin and her disgraced husband, Anthony Weiner, had650,000 emails on a home computer. How many were classified? Will she beindicted? Will she rat out the Clintons and other DC power players?Donald Trump repeatedly called her  Crooked Hillary.  Will he appoint a specialprosecutor to investigate the Clintons? That could take years and would be amess of the highest order. Will he disappoint his most vocal backers and do aGerald Ford?Until there is finality, expect the Clintons to continue to haunt America.Colin Eagles, Wrightsville Beach