The torrent of emails and phone calls and letters and the appeal to her religionwon't shake Florida presidential elector Robin Bernstein's support for DonaldTrump.More than 4.6 million Floridians voted for Trump in his victory over DemocratHillary Clinton. But the only Florida presidential ballots the U.S. Constitutionrecognizes are the ones that will be cast on Dec. 19 in Tallahassee by Bernsteinand 28 other electors whose usually obscure jobs are drawing heightened interestthis year.Florida's electors are among 538 Electoral College members who will meet instate capitals and Washington, D.C., on Dec. 19 to follow Article II, Section 1of the Constitution and choose the next president. Trump, despite getting about2.5 million fewer votes nationwide than Clinton, carried enough states to earn306 electoral votes -- well beyond the 270 needed.Florida electors have been the target of a furious lobbying campaign urging themto break their oaths to support Trump. Electors from other states Trump carriedhave been targeted as well, with a Michigan elector saying he has received deaththreats and Idaho's secretary of state complaining about "insults, vulgarlanguage or threats" against electors.Clinton's campaign is not involved in any efforts to contact electors inFlorida, said Scott Arceneaux, who was a senior adviser to the Clinton campaignin the state and is executive director of the Florida Democratic Party.Arceneaux said he doesn't believe the Clinton campaign is involved anywhereelse, either.A group called "Flip the 37," for example, has published electors' contactinformation and a sample letter to facilitate mass appeals to vote againstTrump. The "37" refers to the number of Republican electors who would need tovote against Trump to deny him the presidency. The group describes itself asnonpartisan and, while opposing Trump, says it is "doubtful" Clinton could getelected in his place."For a couple days I was getting 1,000 (emails) a day ... I lost control of myemail," said state Rep. Joe Gruters, R-Sarasota, an elector who was Floridaco-chairman of Trump's campaign. When Gruters began sending automatic repliesexplaining he would not change his vote, one emailer responded: "You're what'swrong with this country. May Donald Trump one day rape your children. "Jeremy Evans, an elector from Pensacola, says he called the Escambia CountySheriff's Office after one caller who used a private phone number read Evans'home address to him and told him a "special package" would be delivered there.Bernstein, a Palm Beach resident, said her inbox has been filled with emailsurging her to dump Trump. Bern­stein said she's received phone calls as well,including one from a woman who threatened to publish her contact information anddemanded to know "how I could, as a Jewish woman, support Donald Trump.""I said it was very easy," said Bernstein, a charter member of Trump'sMar-a-Lago Club who credits him with breaking Palm Beach tradition by openingthe club to Jewish members. "I've known him for 22 years and I've known him notto be an anti-Semite in any way, shape or form. ... I'm thrilled. I'm honored tocast my vote for Donald. I think he's going to be a great president."Bernstein and the rest of Florida's electors were chosen by the Republican Partyof Florida and the Trump campaign with an eye on loyalty to the party and Trump.A slate of 29 similarly partisan Democratic electors was in place if Clinton hadwon Florida.Aside from the fact that Florida electors tend to be party loyalists, state lawrequires that each elector take an oath promising to vote for the nominee of theparty he or she is nominated to represent. Florida statutes do not, however,specify a penalty for an elector who breaks his or her oath. Legal experts havequestioned whether laws penalizing "faithless electors" are constitutional.The Constitution calls for the president to be chosen by electors from eachstate. The Constitution specifies that the number of electors from a state shallbe equal to the number of U.S. House members and senators from that state. Eachstate has two senators and Florida has 27 House members.If no candidate gets 270 electoral votes, the GOP-controlled U.S. House ofRepresentatives would decide the winner, with each state delegation getting onevote.Thwarting a Trump presidency through the Electoral College "has always been along shot," concedes Brett Chiafalo, a Democratic elector from Washington who isleading an effort to persuade Republican electors to vote for another candidateor else abstain.Chiafalo, originally a Bernie Sanders supporter, said his "Hamilton Electors"group is not trying to make Clinton president."We are looking for an alternative Republican candidate. We don't believethere's any path to Hillary Clinton becoming president. We do not expect 37Republican electors to elect Hillary Clinton," said Chiafalo, a 38-year-oldcomputer network engineer.Hamilton Electors takes its name from Alexander Hamilton, a framer of theConstitution who argued in the Federalist Papers that choosing the president byelectors scattered across the states rather than a raw popular vote would guardagainst the selection of an unfit president who might sway the masses through"(t)alents for low intrigue, and the little arts of popularity."Unlike Flip the 37, Hamilton Electors is "actively discouraging" efforts toblanket electors with calls and emails "because we don't want them to beharassed," Chiafalo said. Instead, he and other electors are making personalappeals to fellow electors, arguing that they are not bound by the popular votein their states and have the constitutional right to vote their consciences.Chiafalo announced shortly before the Nov. 8 election that he might not cast aballot as a presidential elector for Clinton. At the time, he expected Clintonto win handily and figured his vote wouldn't affect the outcome."I wanted to point out that we had a constitutional right ... I was never goingto flip an election. I was going to vote for Hillary if it was close," Chiafalosaid. Still, he said, "I got plenty of harassment. I didn't like it. I got deaththreats. I got people saying I was a traitor."Chiafalo said his group is focusing on electors from Texas, Ohio and Utah --states Trump carried in the general election but that voted for otherRepublicans in the primaries -- as well as Pennsylvania, where state law doesnot attempt to bind electors to the winner of the popular vote in the state.Florida is not a priority, Chiafalo said, because its electors were chosen by"party elders" and are considered unlikely to desert Trump.gbennett@pbpost.com Twitter: @gbennettpostGEORGE BENNETT:PRESIDENT-ELECTTRUMP REPORTERLongtime Post writer George Bennett will report on President-elect Donald Trumpduring the transition -- and beyond.For more about George and his history covering politics and Trump, see page A17.GEORGE BENNETT: MEET THE POST'SPRESIDENT-ELECT TRUMP REPORTERVeteran political reporter George Bennett will lead The Post's coverage ofDonald Trump's transition from Palm Beach fixture to president of the UnitedStates.Bennett, a Palm Beach Post reporter since 1992, has covered the 2000presidential recount and five political conventions, including those this yearin Cleveland and Philadelphia.During the 2016 presidential race, he reported from the campaign trail in Iowa,New Hampshire and Wisconsin, as well as Florida.