HIGHLIGHT: Representative Tim Ryan, a Democrat from Ohio, speaks during theDemocratic National Convention in Philadelphia in July. Tim Ryan, who ischallenging Nancy Pelosi, campaigned intensely for Hillary Clinton in his RustBelt district.BLOOMBERG | BloombergHey, Democrats, want help to rally the country around Donald Trump? Here's agreat idea: Have a crowd of wealthy, out-of-touch Manhattan liberals (who canafford $849 tickets to "Hamilton") boo Vice President-elect Mike Pence while thecast of the Broadway show lectures him on diversity.The Democratic Party's alienation from the rest of America was on full displayat the Richard Rodgers Theatre a week ago. And the left seems completelyoblivious to how ridiculous it looks to the rest of the United States.Professors at Yale and Columbia universities and other elite schools postponedexams and canceled classes for students who could not deal with the electionresults. Kids in Washington, D.C., schools cut class with tacit approval fromadministrators to march in protest of the results of a free and fair election.School officials in suburban D.C. offered grief counselors to "help studentsprocess any concerns or feelings they have about the election." (Funny, I don'trecall anyone canceling exams or offering my kids grief counselors when BarackObama was elected.)People in the American heartland see all this, and they shake their heads indisgust. Today's Democrats have become a party of coastal elites completelydisconnected from the rest of America.Doubt it? Take a look at a county-by-county map of the 2016 presidentialelection. You can drive some 3,000 miles across the entire continental UnitedStates - from sea to shining sea - without driving through a single county thatvoted for Hillary Clinton.At the national level, the Democratic Party has been wiped out. Trump won fivestates that voted for Obama twice - Iowa, Wisconsin, Ohio, Pennsylvania andFlorida - pushing Democrats even further toward the coastal peripheries. As aresult, Republicans now control the House, the Senate, the White House, and(after President Trump picks a new justice to replace Antonin Scalia) there willbe a restored conservative majority on the Supreme Court.But that is nothing compared with the utter devastation Democrats have sufferedin the states.On President Obama's watch, Democrats have lost a net grand total of 939 statelegislative seats, 30 state legislative chambers and a dozen governorships.When Obama first took office, Republicans held just 3,223 state legislativeseats. After the Nov. 8 election, the number stands at 4,162. There are now moreRepublican state legislators than at any time since 1920.Or consider this: Today, Democrats control both the governor's office and thelegislature in just five states - Oregon, California, Hawaii, Connecticut andRhode Island. By contrast, Republicans have total control of state government in25 states - half the country.One Democrat who understands the need to for his party to reconnect withworking-class voters in middle America is Rep. Tim Ryan, D-Ohio, who haschallenged Rep. Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., for the post of House minority leader."What we are doing right now is not working," he wrote in a letter to hiscolleagues. "Under our current leadership, Democrats have been reduced to oursmallest congressional minority since 1929. ... We have the fewest Democrats instate and federal offices since Reconstruction."If Democrats are smart, they will listen to Ryan. His district includes hurtingindustrial areas such as Youngstown and Akron - so he understands how to win thevery voters Democrats lost in 2016 and need to win back. Do they have a betterchance of winning back those voters by electing him or an aging, coastal SanFrancisco liberal such as Pelosi?Ryan is young and dynamic - just 43 years old. The House Democratic leadership,by contrast, is old. The Washington Post recently reported that the average ageof the House Democratic leadership is almost 65. And Pelosi is 76 - a year olderthan Bernie Sanders. Perhaps Democrats should take the advice of John F. Kennedyand pass the torch to a new generation.The long-term problem for Democrats is that much of that new generation has beenwiped out at the polls. We saw the impact of the Democratic collapse in thestates during this year's presidential primaries. The Republican field wasbrimming with candidates, while on the Democratic side Clinton struggled todefeat a disheveled 75-year-old socialist from Vermont, and the rest of thefield - Martin O'Malley, Jim Webb and Lincoln Chafee - could not crack the lowsingle digits.Eight years of losing statehouses and governors' mansions have left Democratswith no bench. They are like an NFL team with aging stars who are long pasttheir prime and with few prospects in the pipeline.Democrats may believe that the way back from the periphery is to follow theadvice Aaron Burr offers Alexander Hamilton: "Talk less. Smile more. Don't letthem know what you're against and what you're for." That didn't work out so wellfor Clinton.If Democrats can't find new leaders who can connect with the working-classvoters they lost to Donald Trump, they may find themselves even more isolatedfrom the American heartland than they are today.Marc A. Thiessen is a fellow with the American Enterprise Institute, aconservative think tank, and former chief speechwriter to President George W.Bush. He wrote this for The Washington Post.