Soros George Fund Soros Management , chairman of , is a champion of liberalcauses.Protester Nov. 16. Approximately Phoenix Singer 100 , second students from atright Portland , leads State a chant University before he joined and a othersnationwide march campus through walkout the streets to protest in PortlandDonald , Ore Trump ., on .Billionaire investor and philanthropist George Soros has become a target ofDonald Trump supporters, who began organizing protests against the prominentDemocratic donor they accuse of contributing to civil unrest in the wake of theelections.The Hungarian-born investor, a Jew who survived the Nazi occupation during WorldWar II and committed about $12 billion of his fortune to human rights workaround the world, has long been a lightning rod for conservatives for hissupport of liberal causes.Trump voters and conspiracy theorists see Soros' hand - and wallet - in theprotests that raged across the country in the days after the election. It's aclaim of financial support Soros' Open Society Foundations disavows."At the end of the day, it seems like he's sending groups to create chaos anddisorder for no reason," said Rochelle Winther of Los Angeles, who circulatesinformation about him on social media, concerned that Soros promotes hatethrough protests. "I don't see how that helps anybody."Soros has been lampooned on social media platforms such as Twitter andInstagram. He became the focus of organized campaigns in less visible corners ofthe Internet, where members of the bulletin board 8chan discussed exposing "allheads of the George Soros Hydra."Members of one Reddit subgroup devoted to jailing Soros plan protests againstSoros on Saturday, demonstrating in front of the Manhattan offices of Soros FundManagement and the New York City and Baltimore offices of his New York-basedphilanthropic group, the Open Society Foundations.The Open Society Foundations says the notion that Soros pays anti-Trumpprotesters is fiction, but there are so many protests organized by so manygroups, it's possible some groups the philanthropist supports may have beeninvolved in the protests."There have been many false reports about George Soros and the Open SocietyFoundations funding the protests that have erupted since the U.S. presidentialelections. There is no truth to these reports," Foundations President ChrisStone said. "The only initiative we are planning to fund related to theelections is to respond to hate crimes and speech."The Open Society Foundations pledged $10 million this week to fight hate crimes.The organization said it spends about $500 million annually supporting groupsthat promote human rights, democracy and justice.One grant recipient, the nonprofit investigative news organization ProPublica,partnered with USA TODAY on election night coverage. Gannett board memberStephen Coll, dean of the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism,chairs the Open Society U.S. Programs board.Conservative commentator Michelle Malkin described Soros as occupying the centerof gravity for the liberal funding universe for years.Reports that cast the billionaire in the vanguard of rich liberals who'vepledged to fight the Trump administration's agenda from Day One may make him arenewed target, she said."Clearly he's going to be back in a position of leading the liberal opposition -and they've made their intentions known," Malkin said. "They want to be thebiggest thorn in the side of the Trump administration. Probably that's wherethis is coming from."COUNTERING CONSERVATIVESThis isn't the first time Soros has been painted as a villain.The financier became known as the "man who broke the Bank of England" for hishigh-stakes bet in 1992 that the British pound would be devalued (he netted aprofit of about $1 billion through his currency speculation).Soros landed on the Republican radar during the 2004 presidential electioncycle, when he emerged as a counterweight to the GOP's billionaire benefactors,the Koch brothers.He spent nearly $24 million in political contributions to Democratic groups inan effort to defeat George W. Bush, according to research by the Center forResponsive Politics.Since then, Soros has emerged as the boogeyman for the political right.Conservative television host Glenn Beck described him in a series of hour-longcommentaries in 2010 as a shadowy political "puppet master" who manipulatesunions, the Democratic Party and the Obama White House. Beck suggested he wassomehow complicit in the Holocaust.Nationally syndicated radio talk show host and conspiracy theorist Alex Jones,who called the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre a hoax, labeled Soros thisweek as "fundamentally evil.""George Soros has spent his life and his fortune promoting justice and humanrights around the world," Soros' spokesman Michael Vachon said. "The alt-righthas manufactured conspiracy theories and delusional narratives to spread theirfalse propaganda."Soros became the focus of renewed attention, and in some quarters, outrage,within days of Trump's election. The conservative news site Breitbart drewattention to a news release from MoveOn.org that urged Americans to turn outNov. 9 in a rejection of the president-elect's "bigotry, xenophobia,Islamophobia and misogyny."By the next day, sites such as The Free Thought sought to connect Soros to theunrest, noting that MoveOn has been a recipient of the Open Society Foundations'philanthropy. MoveOn, which is best known for its online petitions andorganizing, said it was involved in organizing a single day of demonstrations.BIG MONEYIt's not just traditional conservatives who are suspicious of the influence ofbig-money political donors such as Soros, commentator Malkin said. It's alsovoters who were attracted to the anti-establishment candidacy of Vermont Sen.Bernie Sanders."Citizens are skeptical of the influence big donors wield in American politics -whether it's George Soros on the left or the Koch brothers on the right," saidMason Harrison, a veteran of Gov. Mitt Romney's and Sen. John McCain'spresidential campaigns, who works for a Silicon Valley start-up called Crowdpac,which tracks political donations. "It's one of the reasons we've seen a seachange in small-dollar donors this election cycle; Americans want theirdemocracy back."