AMONA, West Bank - Nachum Schwartz is living his dream in a trailer on a windyhill, raising his children and a flock of sheep, as one of the chosen ones. Thisis the land of Abraham, he said, the biblical home of the Jews, and nobody isgoing to kick his family off their mountaintop."We belong to this land, and this land belongs to us," said the 42-year-oldfarmer and herdsman, who was among the first Jewish pioneers to settle thisoutpost in 1996.Now his dreams may be shoved aside by Israeli bulldozers.In a remarkable rebuke, Israel's Supreme Court has ruled that the Amonasettlement is illegal, built on land that belongs to Schwartz's Palestinianneighbors.The judges have ordered the Israeli military, which controls the occupiedterritory, to evict the 40 families living here and demolish their houses -alongside the kindergarten ritual baths and synagogue -  by Dec. 25.When the Israeli army came to raze just nine homes in Amona in 2006, many courthearings ago, it took a battalion of soldiers and police officers in riot gearand ended in a bloody melee. Hundreds of protesters were wounded, many frombaton blows and horse hoofs. Three legislators were among them. About 80security force members also were injured.The looming demolition of Amona comes as right-wing Israelis are hailing as anear-miracle the U.S. presidential election of Donald Trump, who they pray willend decades of U.S. criticism of settlement construction on land thePalestinians want for a future state. They expect Trump will give Israel a freerhand to build where it wants in the West Bank.The stakes over the fate of this hardscrabble community of shoddy trailers arehigh, not just in the international arena but also inside Israel. The clash isbeing drawn as a showdown between the authority of the high court and thegoverning coalition of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.It is also going to be a real test for Netanyahu, who was elected with help fromthe Jewish settlers but who also fears international censure over allegations ofa bold land grab. Most of the world considers all the Jewish settlements in theWest Bank to be illegal, not just those built on Palestinian private property.The United States calls these communities "illegitimate" and "an obstacle topeace." Israel disputes that.Settlement supporters in the Netanyahu government have been scrambling to find away to save Amona - or at least to save face.The government first sought to provide alternative homes for Amona residents bybuilding units in a nearby settlement. The community includes about 200children.The Amona settlers refused.Netanyahu then sought to postpone the eviction for seven months, but the highcourt said there had been enough delays and turned down the appeal.Then the Israeli parliament last week  gave preliminary approval, overNetanyahu's objections, to a controversial bill that would retroactivelylegalize Jewish settlements, such as Amona, that were built on privatePalestinian property.Netanyahu has boasted that his government is the most supportive of settlers inIsrael's history, but he called the legalization bill needlessly provocative.Israel's attorney general branded the legislation as being against internationallaw; the high court could also reject it.Critics of the legislation say it clearly crosses a line."I believe this law is evil," said Talia Sasson, president of the New IsraelFund and  an Israeli lawyer who was the author of a 2005 report on illegaloutposts for then-Prime Minister Ariel Sharon. "It's so illegal in so manyaspects that it's hard to believe [the high court] would approve this law. But,I can't predict the future."Israel's education minister and the leader of the pro-settler Jewish Home party,Naftali Bennett, said the proposed law was fair and just. He stressed that theAmona settlers had done nothing wrong and that successive Israeli governmentshad supported the settlements, including those built on private Palestinianland.Bennett vowed that the days of treating the 450,000 or so Jewish settlers as"second-class Israeli citizens" were over.Amona residents say the same and point to the roads, power lines, water pipesand soldiers sent to protect them as proof the government supports theircommunity.Thousands of homes in the Jewish settlements across the West Bank are suspectedof being on private Palestinian land, according to the parliament. A policeinvestigation of land claims by the settlers in Amona found someone - it didn'tdiscover who - had forged documents, a practice other settlements have beenaccused of. Settlers say they have to go through middlemen and use straw buyersbecause Palestinians won't sell them land - if they did, they could beostracized as collaborators, punished by the Palestinian Authority or evenkilled.The Amona eviction, if it comes, would be celebrated in the nearby Palestiniantown of Silwad, just across the valley from the settlement, where a dozenfamilies were suing to reclaim the Amona land.The elderly Palestinian plaintiffs recall their mothers and fathers tilling therocky soil when they were young. Sitting together in a meeting hall in Silwad,they speak with nostalgia about a long-ago bounty of figs and grapes, wheat andolives."I watched the settlers take the land," said Mariam Hammad, 82. "I watched, butI could not stop them."In Amona, the settlers deny that the Palestinian petitioners ever really ownedthe land - despite what the courts have found. They mock the claims, which dateto Jordanian rule or earlier, and say the elderly Palestinians never would havemade a peep of complaint were it not for left-wing Israeli activists from groupssuch as Peace Now and Yesh Din, who supplied the lawyers."I've never seen these Arabs," said Eli Greenberg, an Amona resident andbiblical scholar who makes his living selling irrigation equipment over theInternet.Greenberg said that when the Amona founders came here, "the land was barren.There was nothing here."If Amona is destroyed and the land turned over to Palestinian owners, Greenbergsaid, "the Arabs will never be allowed here." He said the Amona hilltop is astrategic asset, overlooking its mother settlement, called Ofra, on the nextmountain. "It is too close to Ofra. Nobody will allow that."The area is protected by Israeli soldiers who block Palestinians from enteringthe area without special permits. The communities fear terrorist attacks."The best solution is to let what is growing here continue to grow," Greenbergsaid.The proposed legislation to legalize Jewish outposts allows the Palestinianswhose property was expropriated to be paid cash or given alternative land.Greenberg said that was fair.Issa Zayed, 57, is one of the Palestinians whose family proved to the Israelicourt that they owned the property where Amona is built. He said it was a simplecase, in a complex land. The land was stolen, Zayed said, period.It must be returned, he said.Zayed said that just as the land may be precious to Jews, it is precious toPalestinians. It is as dear to him as his children, and he said he didn't wantany money.Asked what would happen to him if he were to venture across the valley to walkthe fields where his father farmed and spent his last day on Earth, Zayed said,"I would be shot."william.booth@washpost.comCarol Morello in Washington contributed to this report.