For the past year, the tech industry shunned Donald Trump, and he shamed it.Now, the president-elect and the $2.9 trillion sector find themselves thrustinto a shotgun marriage."Much of the business is in a wait-and-see mode," says Meg Whitman, CEO ofHewlett Packard Enterprise, one of the largest tech companies in the world and aHillary Clinton supporter. "We adapt and make the most of the situation."Many in tech supported Clinton, and they expected her to win. With Trump aspresident-elect, they are hastily revising plans.One difficulty: Trump has no discernible tech plan nor has he openly courtedtech executives. For those in Silicon Valley and beyond, he is the greatunknown, and his potential Cabinet is creating fears of restrictions on skilledimmigrant workers, weakened cybersecurity, punishing tariffs on products made inChina and unrelenting pressure to bring  manufacturing jobs to the U.S."Most of the planning (by tech companies) had been done under the assumptionthat Hillary would win," says Deven Parekh, managing director at Insight VenturePartners. "There was a big transition team for her ready to go, which includedtechnology-related issues."It has made for an uneasy climate, but tech executives and trade associationssay they've accepted the election results and want to work with Team Trump.Gary Shapiro, CEO of the Consumer Technology Association, voted for Clintonafter supporting Republican candidates in the last four presidential elections.He welcomes working with the Trump administration but doesn't know what toexpect."We reached out to Trump and Clinton, and we didn't get a response from him. AmI concerned? Of course I'm concerned," says Shapiro, whose trade organizationrepresents more than 2,200 companies, including Amazon, Uber and Apple."The people he reached out to were not in tech, but in flyover territory,"Shapiro says.Still, there is overlap between Silicon Valley and Trump's transition team, withits ties to real estate, venture funding and other businesses. A main connector?Peter Thiel. The influential venture capitalist and Facebook board memberdonated $1.25 million to Trump's campaign. He was a delegate for Trump and spokeat the Republican National Convention.Thiel doesn't have a formal role during the transition but has spent nearly twoweeks advising the Trump team.The investor isn't the valley's only link to Trump, but he appears to be itsstrongest one. Joe Lonsdale, founding partner at 8VC, a Silicon Valley-basedtech investment fund, has his own connections to the Trump camp as well asstrong ties to House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.).A Trump spokesperson was unavailable for comment.Driving tech executives to find a receptive ear in the Trump administration is aplatform that was generally unfriendly to the tech industry. Trump's populistmessage of restrictive immigration, manufacturing in America, privacy andhard-line stance on trade agreements is of paramount concern.Conversely, his views on reduced taxation and regulation could benefit anindustry with which he is a stranger."Absent a tech plan, we need to look at his stances on immigration, taxation andprivacy and extrapolate how it applies to tech," says Lee Tien, senior staffattorney for the Electronic Frontier Foundation. "That's a risky proposition."Along his improbable journey, Trump has blasted Amazon for not paying enoughtaxes and a surrogate of his skewered Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg for perceivedanti-Trump comments.Apple, in particular, could be in the crosshairs of a Trump administration. Overthe past year, Trump has chastised Apple and other hardware makers to build moreproducts in the U.S. instead of China. As a candidate, he demanded a boycott ofApple when it didn't cave to the FBI's request to hack the iPhone of one of theSan Bernardino, Calif., shooters.Or, as has been the case with Trump the candidate vs. Trump the president-elect,was it just posturing in a pre-emptive negotiating tactic?Trump said Apple CEO Tim Cook and Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates called himafter his election but declined to say what they talked about, according to ameeting he had with The New York Times last week.The underlying contempt for elitism, as personified by West Coast-basedcompanies with high-intellect founders and socially conscious CEOs, wasarticulated by White House chief strategist Steve Bannon in an interview withThe Hollywood Reporter."The globalists gutted the American working class and created a middle class inAsia. The issue now is about Americans looking to not get (expletive) over. Ifwe deliver," Bannon said. "That's what the Democrats missed. They were talkingto these people with companies with a $9 billion market cap employing ninepeople. It's not reality. They lost sight of what the world is about."The thinly-veiled swipe at unicorns offers another layer of uncertainty inSilicon Valley, tech pockets throughout the U.S. and the Beltway."He's spent a lot of time on Twitter but hasn't said much about tech during thecampaign," says Rep. Suzan DelBene, D-Wash., a former Microsoft executive. "Weneed a conversation about tech and government's use of tech. It won't happenwithout input from the tech community."DelBene, who has worked closely with Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Calif., another techalumnus, is hopeful the new administration does not derail progress onbipartisan tech issues such as privacy and the Internet of Things.The concern is palpable from an industry that has felt the wrath of Trump'stweets and unpredictability..ITI CEO Dean Garfield, whose organization represents more than 60 techcompanies, including Apple, Microsoft and Facebook, is optimistic about Trump'svow to invest up to $1 trillion into infrastructure. It could be a boon forInternet of Things devices such as sensors for roadways that enable driverlesscars to interact and communicate.A much-rumored bipartisan infrastructure plan that could bring jobs to the RustBelt might involve tech companies, Garfield and Shapiro say.Last year, Speaker Ryan supported an infrastructure plan by Sen. Charles Schumer(D-N.Y.) in which hundreds of billions of dollars would be raised through aone-time "repatriation" of profits from big companies' overseas earnings inexchange for lower tax rates.Contributing: Jessica Guynn