Conan O'Brien asked Bernie Sanders to weigh in on Donald Trump's latest tweetsand the senator answered honestly about his concerns for the country.When asked about Trump's unfounded claim posted to his Twitter account that"millions of people" voted illegally in the election, Sanders said the tweet was"delusional.""It's totally insane," said Sanders on Tuesday's Conan. "Nobody believes thatwho studies elections or election patterns." He said what is really frighteningis Trump's message behind his tweet. "When he says that, he's really sending asignal to Republicans all over the country, Republican leaders. What he's sayingis: We've got to suppress the vote. We have got to make it harder for poorpeople, people of color, immigrants, elderly people, to participate because theymay be voting against us. And that's scary stuff."In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popularvote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally- Donald J. Trump(@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2016"My own view is we have got to work overtime to bring more people into thepolitical process, not make it harder for people to participate," added theVermont senator. When O'Brien brought up Trump's controversial tweetaboutcriminalizing the burning of the American flag - a right the Supreme Court ruledwas protected under the First Amendment - Sanders said Trump should be focusingon more important matters like climate change. He says Trump's tweet contains a"hidden message" to people."What he is really saying is: If you really want to dissent, be careful. It'snot just the American flag here, we're watching you. That's what's scary aboutthat," said Sanders. He added, "I worry about the future of this country,"saying he's concerned that Trump won an election using bigotry as thecornerstone of his campaign.Sanders said he wishes he had had the opportunity to go up against Trump in thegeneral election, and also said the media focused on the wrong things duringTrump's campaign."What the media loved was the fact that Trump would say one absurd thing afteranother, ugly things about people we have never heard before from a presidentialcandidate. That was great TV," said Sanders. "The American people have got todemand that media talk about the issues that impact our lives."On Wednesday morning, Sanders took to Twitter himself to share a video of hisclips from the show with the caption: "Donald Trump's claims are insane anddelusional. But not only that, they are also scary."Donald Trump's claims are insane and delusional. But not only that, they arealso scary. pic.twitter.com/1oZOtT1TpQ- Bernie Sanders (@SenSanders) November30, 2016Read more: Bernie Sanders Brings His Revolution to 'Late Show': "We're Going toStand Together and Fight"