K ENT GRAY has been to Election Night events for four Republican presidentialnominees, but this year marked the one where people could really celebrate.The Leland Grove attorney, who was Illinois state director of nowPresident-elect DONALD TRUMP' s campaign in the primary season, had worked forBOB DOLE and helped arrange Dole's Washington, D.C., Election Night gathering in1996. He was on the staff of 2008 vice presidential candidate SARAH PALIN, sowas at JOHN McCAIN's event in Arizona that year. And he was in Austin, Texas,when GEORGE W. BUSH was running against Democrat AL GORE; Bush's win wouldn't beknown for weeks after the 2000 election because of the near-tie in Florida."So it was fantastic to be there in the room," Gray said of being there whenTrump made his acceptance speech at a New York hotel the early morning of Nov.9."It was the smallest Election Night that I ever attended, by far," he added,estimating that, not counting the press corps, about 800 people were there.Gray, an elected Lincoln Land Community College trustee, headed the winningTrump primary campaigns in Illinois and Missouri. Gray resigned from thecampaign days before the primary, he said, due to a divorce-related court order,later rescinded, that he had to be out of his house within days. He said thingsgot worked out and he's still in the house. He also said internal polling showedTrump would do "fine" in Illinois. That proved true, as Trump ended up with 38.8percent of the Illinois primary vote, topping second-place finisher TED CRUZ,who had 30.3 percent.Gray said that while he has talked to Trump's team about "a couple spots" in thenew administration, "I've got two young kids in Springfield. I mean there mightbe something that entices me, but it's a little hard to see at this pointexactly what would prompt me to take a cut in pay and go out to Washington,D.C., that's probably got three times the cost of living of Springfield.""If the least that happens is that we get a great president in Donald Trump, I'mthrilled," he said.Long-standing plansState Rep. SUE SCHERER, D-Decatur, whose 96th House District includes part ofSpringfield, was listed as having an excused absence from the veto session dayslast week.Scherer said via email that she "was not able to change long-standing plans"that were "made in conjunction with a number of individuals almost a year beforethe veto schedule was announced." She did not describe those plans.Rauner donationsThe 2015 tax return for the Rauner Family Foundation shows that significantcontributions were made to educational institutions.When Gov. BRUCE and DIANA RAUNER recently released their 2015 state and federaltax returns, and that of their foundation, it came with a statement that thecouple and their foundation made charitable contributions of more than $11.6million.The largest contribution was $500,000 to Harvard, where the governor got amaster's in business administration. Next in line was $400,000 to the Ounce ofPrevention Fund, a Chicago-based group that keys on early childhood educationand also has a Springfield office. Diana Rauner is president of theorganization.Donations of $250,000 each went to Dartmouth, the governor's alma mater, andYale, where Diana Rauner graduated.Donations of $100,000 went to National Louis University in Wheeling,Chicago-based Teach for America and the Robert R. McCormick Foundation inChicago.And $50,000 donations went to the Noble Network of Charter Schools in Chicagoand the Roger Baldwin Foundation, a sister organization of the American CivilLiberties Union that works for causes including reproductive rights.Lemont-based Turning Point USA, a nonprofit conservative activist group thatseeks to mobilize students who believe in free markets and limited government,also got $50,000. The Rauner foundation had given the group $100,000 in 2014.CHARLIE KIRK, founder and executive director of the group, was on SEAN HANNITY'sFox network program Thursday, where he and the host talked about anti-Trumpsentiment, including angst, that broke out on some campuses after the election."You know the political correctness wave that swept across the country?" Kirksaid on that show. "Donald Trump was a direct response to that. ... Collegeshave become a place where they want everyone to look different, but think thesame.""And how dare someone," Kirk said sarcastically, "challenge the liberalorthodoxy on our college campuses. I think this deserves to be mocked, quitefrankly."Rauner has called Kirk a "superstar" and had said, as recounted in a 2014Turning Point newsletter, that "his vision of America is the right vision forAmerica."Assets of the Rauner foundation were at $43,910 as of the end of 2015. Thecouple's personal federal tax return showed adjusted gross income of $187.6million, with nearly $170 million from investments. The Rauners also paid $43.3million in federal income tax and $6.9 million in Illinois income tax.Asked recently in Springfield how he was able to get his income to triple from2014, when it was about $58.3 million, Rauner laughed and said, "Maybe it's agood thing that I don't have anything do to with my investments anymore, becausethey seem to be doing better."He said they are in a blind trust, and he has "no involvement.""I think probably what happened is a lot of investments were sold," Rauner said."I don't have a salary. I've made investments, and I think a lot of them weresold."Moving northThe bad news is that the Springfield press corps is losing a couple ofknowledgeable folks. The good news is that they're staying in the business.AMANDA VINICKY, statehouse bureau chief for Illinois Public Radio, including NPRIllinois, 91.9 FM in Springfield, as of Jan. 3 will be a full-time correspondentfor Chicago Tonight, a nightly newsmagazine on WTTW-TV, Chicago's PBS station.The move north also brings her closer to her hometown of La Grange. She's beenat NPR Illinois for a decade.And MIKE RIOPELL, who has been the Arlington Heights-based Daily Herald'sSpringfield presence for six years, begins this week as an editor on thepolitics team of the Chicago Tribune. Riopell earlier spent four years as astatehouse reporter for Lee Enterprises.Riopell recently has also been a group editor of several Southern Illinoispapers purchased by Paddock publications, owners of the Daily Herald.Vinicky has been one of the rotating hosts of the weekly CapitolView TV show onNetwork Knowledge, WSEC-TV, and Riopell did a touching story about his parents'house in Washington, Illinois, being destroyed by the 2013 tornado. Luckily, hisfolks weren't hurt, as they were visiting Riopell's family in Springfield at thetime.Riopell and Vinicky were both statehouse interns in 2005 through the PublicAffairs Reporting master's degree program at the University of IllinoisSpringfield. Good luck to both of them.--Contact Bernard Schoenburg: bernard.schoenburg@sj-r.com, 788-1540,twitter.com/bschoenburg.