It began at dawn, with a Twitter post about flag-burning.In a period of just over 24 hours, stretching from the early hours of Tuesdayinto Wednesday morning, President-elect Donald J. Trump raced through perhapsthe most frenetic day of activity since the election. With a series of surpriseannouncements and impulsive public gestures, he brought into sharp focus thefreewheeling and compulsively theatrical style he will bring to the Oval Office.There was the incendiary pronouncement about the flag: After Fox News aired asegment about protests that included flag-burning, Mr. Trump suggested strippingpeople who burned the flag of their citizenship, even though the act isconstitutionally protected free speech.There were hazy but headline-grabbing statements of policy: Mr. Trump announceda tentative pact with the air-conditioning company Carrier to protect some jobsat an Indiana factory, and pledged again to sever ties with his real estateempire, without offering specifics.There was a new and indiscreet round of tryouts for secretary of state,featuring reviews from the president-elect in something like real time. Havingparaded David H. Petraeus, the former military commander and C.I.A. director,past a throng of reporters for a meeting on Monday, Mr. Trump dined on Tuesdaywith Mitt Romney, the Republican presidential nominee in 2012 and anothercandidate for the job.They huddled at a French restaurant on Central Park West in Manhattan, brieflyadmitting the news media to take photographs of the smiling pair over scallops.On display, if not on the menu, was government à la Trump.While Mr. Trump's focus appeared to careen unpredictably from hour to hour, thelarger pattern he followed was a familiar one. As a candidate, Mr. Trumpoperated largely on gut instinct, with publicity-seeking provocation as hischief tactic. Trusting few people outside a circle of intimates, Mr. Trumpthrived in a daily cycle of controversy and cultivated an atmosphere ofoften-public drama and division within his campaign.Much as he did during the campaign, Mr. Trump has kept the political worldhanging on his every move, no matter how impetuous or trivial. He has aired hispartial or fleeting thoughts, toying with the idea of making Rudolph W. Giulianihis secretary of state before appearing to lose interest. He has tolerated andeven welcomed unsubtle combat over his selections, allowing a senior adviser,Kellyanne Conway, to roundly attack Mr. Romney on television while he remains atop contender for the cabinet.When Mr. Trump has incited controversy -- with his flag-burning Twitter post, oran earlier allegation of mass voter fraud -- Mr. Trump has declined to elaborateor justify his claims, and has left aides struggling to defend them, when theyhave tried at all.Mr. Trump's method, friends and allies say, matches the reputation he builtfirst in New York and then on reality television -- less as a traditionalcorporate executive, like Mr. Romney, than as an eager impresario whoexperimented freely, welcomed conflict and flopped repeatedly.Newt Gingrich, a former speaker of the House who has advised Mr. Trump, said Mr.Trump's transition process ''very much resembles the way he operated in 'TheApprentice,''' the NBC show in which Mr. Trump functioned as an imposingprotagonist subjecting aspiring entrepreneurs to contests of business acumen.Mr. Gingrich said Mr. Trump plainly relished personal contact with possibleappointees and favored a free-form leadership style. Mr. Trump did not emerge,Mr. Gingrich said, from a ''corporate, staffed background,'' but from a morepersonality-driven, improvisational environment.''In a lot of ways, what you're seeing is the continuation of techniques andlessons he learned from doing what was, at one time, the No. 1 TV show,'' Mr.Gingrich said.For longtime critics of Mr. Trump, the spectacle of his transition has come as akind of nightmarish vindication, seeming to confirm their warnings about what itwould mean to have a reality television star in the nation's most powerfuloffice.Mr. Trump's rivals in the Republican primary campaign often criticized him as ashowman and not a real executive. At a Washington dinner in 2011, PresidentObama ridiculed the notion that Mr. Trump could run for president, recounting anepisode of ''The Celebrity Apprentice'' in which Mr. Trump fired the actor GaryBusey and joking, ''These are the kind of decisions that would keep me up atnight.''Jon Lovett, a former speechwriter for Mr. Obama who was an author of his speechbelittling Mr. Trump, described a sense of horror at seeing the joke turn intoreality.''It is extremely chilling that Donald Trump views the spectacle of choosingcabinet appointments in a way that is similar to deciding whether or not to fireLil Jon or Joan Rivers,'' Mr. Lovett said, referring to contestants on the show.It would be difficult to overstate the extremity of Mr. Trump's departure fromrecent presidential practice. His immediate predecessors prided themselves onorderly, fastidious deliberations: George W. Bush as the first president with abusiness degree, Mr. Obama as a candidate branded by aides as ''no dramaObama.''Even Republicans concede that it is not clear how Mr. Trump's roller-coasterapproach to the transition will carry over to governing. Mr. Gingrich predictedduring the Republican primary contests that a Trump administration wouldfunction as a kind of daily adventure. ''If Trump does end up winning, you willhave no idea each morning what's going to happen,'' he said in a Januaryinterview, ''because he will have no idea.''But enacting sweeping changes or passing even modest legislation requiresintensive, sustained attention from presidents and their teams, of a kind Mr.Trump has never dedicated to matters of policy.Since the election, Mr. Trump has made only a few one-off announcements aimed atsoothing controversy or bolstering his popularity, like the Carrier deal or hispledge to preserve elements of the Affordable Care Act. But he has not situatedany of his pronouncements within a larger, cohesive agenda, or answered evenbasic questions about them, like whether the terms extended to Carrier should bemade available to other companies.Mr. Trump has appeared comparatively uninterested in a set of lower-profileappointments in which his close advisers, like Mike Pence, the vicepresident-elect, and Reince Priebus, the incoming White House chief of staff,have quietly installed Republican stalwarts.On Tuesday, after Mr. Trump raged on Twitter about flag-burning, his transitionteam announced the selection of Elaine L. Chao, a former labor secretary, tolead the Department of Transportation, and Representative Tom Price of Georgia,a conservative hard-liner, as Mr. Trump's choice for health secretary.On Twitter, Mr. Trump made only one perfunctory mention each of Ms. Chao and Mr.Price, the man who would most likely be tasked with carrying out some of thepresident-elect's most important campaign promises. By comparison, on Monday andTuesday, Mr. Trump posted on Twitter twice about the Carrier deal and five timesto criticize CNN for its coverage of him.Michael O. Leavitt, a former governor of Utah who prepared Mr. Romney'stransition team before the 2012 election, said a presidential transition usually''takes on the personality of the principal.'' Mr. Trump, he said, was taking anexceptionally public approach and showing far less regard than usual for theprivacy of job candidates.''This is Donald Trump doing it his way, and no one should expect anydifferent,'' Mr. Leavitt said. ''That doesn't mean it's right or wrong -- it'sjust Trump.''Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and in theMorning Briefing newsletter.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/30/us/politics/donald-trump-white-house-cabinet.html