Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein launched a two-pronged bid tore-examine Pennsylvania's presidential election results Monday. And while evensome supporters say they don't expect to overturn Donald Trump's win in thestate, the effort has already complicated the timeline for certifying theresults in Allegheny County.On Monday afternoon, the Stein campaign filed a Commonwealth Court petition onbehalf of more than 100 voters, expressing "grave concerns about the integrityof electronic voting machines used in their districts."The petition is part of a Green effort to recount ballots in Pennsylvania,Wisconsin and Michigan from the Nov. 8 election. The filing said the peopleattaching their names to the petition believe the election result to be"illegal."The state Republican Party called the effort "a sad commentary on the failure ofsome to accept . the will of the people," while Democrats were silent. DemocratHillary Clinton's campaign has evinced little enthusiasm for recounts, whicharen't expected to have any impact on the result."We must recount the votes so we can build trust in our election system," Ms.Stein said in a statement. Citing "accusations of irregularities and hacks" ofDemocratic Party emails and voter registration databases, she said, "People ofall political persuasions are asking if our election results are reliable."The Green effort mainly targets long-standing concerns that voting machines arevulnerable to hacking. Compounding those fears is the fact that machines intwo-thirds of Pennsylvania counties, including Allegheny and Philadelphia, don'tmaintain a paper record of voters' wishes. That makes the electronic resultsnearly impossible to verify, critics say, though the machines' defenders notethere are no documented cases of hackers changing a race's outcome. The state'stop elections official, Secretary of State Pedro Cortes, a Democrat, said therewas no evidence of any sort of cyberattacks or irregularities in Pennsylvania'selection.The petition was filed on the last day allowed under state law. Although itincludes expert testimony about hacking vulnerabilities and news stories aboutpurported Russian efforts to disrupt the election, it contains no concreteevidence of tampering.The lawsuit is an effort to contest the election on a statewide basis. But Ms.Stein's argument for doing so may ultimately depend on the second prong:a seriesof precinct-by-precinct petitions also filed Monday, seeking recounts in pollingplaces across the state.Those recounts, which must be requested by three voters in each precinct, couldprovide "further evidence of petitioners' concern," said the Commonwealth Courtfiling. The filing could be withdrawn, it adds, if "recounts ... yield noadditional proof" of problems.Michelle Zuckerman-Parker, a volunteer who was coordinating the filing ofpetitions with Allegheny County's elections office, said challenges were filedin at least 57 precincts by Monday afternoon, out of more than 1,300 countywide.The county could not confirm that number.It was unclear how many such petitions had been filed in the state's 9,000-plusvoting districts, though filings were reported in Philadelphia and elsewhereMonday."This is not a Democratic thing or a Green thing. It's about validating what wehold dear: the democratic process," said Ms. Zuckerman-Parker, a Democrat.The petitions she helped file sought recounts in each district for thepresidential and U.S. Senate races. The filings also requested that "areasonable subset" of the county's machines "be forensically analyzed byappropriate computer experts for potential tampering, malware, and/or hacking."The county Board of Elections, which consists of Allegheny County Executive RichFitzgerald and two county council members, had been slated to certify theresults Monday. Instead, it recessed its meeting until Dec. 12, giving electionsstaff time to handle the recount requests.Mark Wolosik, the county's Elections Division manager, said election staff wouldgather Dec. 5 to print out results stored in each machine's memory and comparethem with the numbers reported on Election Night.But Mr. Wolosik said the county had already conducted a forensic examination ofits machines.Prior to each election, 20 of the county's 4,500 machines are selected at randomto have their coding compared with a verified original version of the code. Thatcheck turned up no sign of tampering, he said.That may not satisfy recount organizers. "We'd like access to those machines sowe can be sure they were not compromised," said Ilann Maazel, a New Yorkattorney involved in the recount bid.Petitioners can go to Common Pleas Court if they are dissatisfied with therecount, though Mr. Maazel said, "We're going to take one step at a time.Hopefully, the recounts will happen the way we've requested."Recount petitions elsewhere were rejected outright. Pennsylvania's Department ofState, which oversees elections, issued a statement that "many counties havecompleted their certification," meaning it was too late to petition electionofficials.Any court action could stress a timeline requiring the state to certify resultsby Dec. 13. But "in the world of election litigation, that's a long way away,"said Mr. Maazel, a veteran of the 2000 fight over presidential election resultsin Florida.Mr. Fitzgerald expressed confidence in his county's results Monday morning: "Ithink Mark and his team have a great reputation for accurate and fairelections," he said.Among those seeking a recount was Joy Sabl, a Democrat who requested theprocedure in the Point Breeze precinct where she served as the judge ofelections.Ms. Sabl said she noticed no problems on Election Day, except a glitch involvinga cartridge used to start one of the machines.Election workers ascribed that to the machine's age, but she said after hearingof similar problems elsewhere, "I was not sleeping as well at night."She said she'd long had concerns about hacking: "Put that together with concernsabout the age of the machines, and it's a powderkeg."LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHNOTES: Chris Potter: cpotter@post-gazette.com or 412-263-2533. / The AssociatedPress contributed.PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper