WASHINGTON - For Republicans, there will be no one left to blame.As they prepare to take control of the White House and both chambers of Congressnext year, Republicans are celebrating the opportunity to enact a new agenda forthe country, including lowering taxes, securing the border and repealingPresident Barack Obama's health care law.But with that opportunity comes massive political risk: If President-electDonald Trump and congressional Republicans don't deliver, they will face aserious reckoning with voters. That could begin with the 2018 midterm elections,when every House member and one-third of the Senate will be up for re-election."The American public has clearly said that they want to go a differentdirection," said Republican Rep. Ken Buck of Colorado. "And if we are noteffective in moving in that different direction, they will take the opportunityaway from us, and they will return it to the Democrats."Said Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas, speaking Friday at the Federalist Society: "It'stime to put up or shut up. There are no excuses."That sobering reality has been sinking in for GOP members of the House andSenate as they begin the early stages of planning an agenda for next year.Republicans point out that although they will control a majority in the Senatewith 52 votes, that's well short of the 60-vote supermajority needed to advancemost major initiatives, including Supreme Court nominees. So althoughRepublicans would be able to use a legislative maneuver to send a health carerepeal to Trump's desk with just a simple majority, other major objectives,including immigration and border enforcement, would require some degree ofcooperation from minority Democrats.That could give Senate Democrats' new leader, Chuck Schumer of New York, vetopower over major chunks of Trump's agenda. And it has led to a call from someHouse Republicans for their Senate colleagues to try to push through a ruleschange to eliminate the 60-vote filibuster barrier."They're either going to have to modify that rule, or they're going to have toface the wrath of the voters," said Rep. Matt Salmon, R-Ariz., who is retiringat the end of this year.Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., is an institutionalist who hasshown no enthusiasm for such a move. But Republicans fret that a shortage ofvotes in the Senate is not likely to be a winning political excuse to mostvoters who picked an outsider in Trump to bring wholesale change to Washington,and now want to see that happen."We can talk about not having 60 in the Senate, but I think that our time toshow that we can govern is now," said GOP Rep. Tom Rooney of Florida.The Republican role on health care seems particularly risky to some in theparty. Democrats have borne severe political consequences for pushing throughthe Affordable Care Act in 2010. They lost control of the House in that year'smidterm elections, and Republicans have used the health care issue ever since torally their base and attack Democrats.But if Republicans repeal it, as they are determined to do, they will be theones responsible for whatever comes next. And given the enormous complexity ofthe U.S. health care system, which accounts for fully one-sixth of the U.S.economy, the potential for complications looks immense. Even after six years,Republicans have failed to unite around a single alternative to Obamacare, or asolution to ensure that the 20 million Americans who gained health coverageunder the law don't suddenly lose it.