HIGHLIGHT: Rain was falling outside. Young garlic soup and frog legs were on themenu. In other words, It was the perfect occasion for a photo op.At Jean-Georges, a three-star Michelin restaurant on the first floor of hisnamesake hotel in New York, Donald J. Trump took time out of his Tuesdayschedule to share a four-course meal with Mitt Romney and Reince Priebus, hissoon-to-be White House chief of staff.Rain was falling outside. Young garlic soup and frog legs were on the menu. Inother words, it was the perfect occasion for a photo op.There were plenty of pictures taken of this meeting, but one stood out inparticular. It cut Mr. Priebus out of the frame. It showed Mr. Trump leaningforward over his food - perhaps the soup, with an errant frog leg inching itsway to the top of the bowl? - with a sly smile.And then there was Mr. Romney.The former Massachusetts governor, who has been mentioned as possible secretaryof state in the Trump administration, was photographed as he turned, his chinleaning into the crook of his neck, and gazed with a furrowed brow into thecamera. On social media, viewers - many of them journalists, authors, denizensof Hollywood and liberals for the most part - saw what they thought to be apained expression.For the first time in his life, Mitt Romney is All Of Us.pic.twitter.com/e8TyFgmtDl - John Green (@johngreen) November 30, 2016I made the Trump/Romney photo black and white, and it looks like a Twilight Zoneepisode where a guy just made a foolish deal with the Devilpic.twitter.com/froiDYDJei - Adam Murray (@Atom_Murray) November 30, 2016Of course, there were more important things happening on Tuesday:- Steven Mnuchin, a financier with connections to Wall Street and Hollywood, wasreported to have been tapped for Treasury Secretary. Mr. Mnuchin got his startat Goldman Sachs, a frequent target of Mr. Trump's ire on the campaign trail.- Carrier, a large air-conditioning company based in Indianapolis, said that itwould keep about 1,000 jobs in the state after having prepared to move about2,000 jobs to Mexico. The company is said to be receiving economic incentivesfrom Indiana to stay.- Also, Mr. Trump set off a barrage of coverage after he said in an earlymorning tweetthat people who burned the United States flag should perhaps bejailed or lose their citizenship.In this era, a lot can happen in one day.We'll never really know what caused this uncomfortable-looking glimpse, ofcourse. For all we know, it was a bad scallop. Maybe Mr. Romney doesn't enjoyfrog legs. And again, the photo, by Drew Angerer, was one of several taken.But Mr. Romney's statement to reporters after the meeting seemed to reinforce aconclusion that many drew about this frozen instant of time."He did something I tried to do and was unsuccessful in accomplishing: He wonthe general election," Mr. Romney said after the meal. "He continues with amessage of inclusion and bringing people together, and his vision is somethingwhich obviously connected with the American people in a very powerful way."It was a departure from a statement made by Mr. Romney nine months ago, when hetried to draw support away from Mr. Trump in a speech, saying that the candidatewas "playing the American public for suckers." Mr. Romney targeted Mr. Trump onhis vague economic policies, his bankruptcies, his admiration of Vladimir Putin,and his marital infidelity.He also invited the public to watch how Mr. Trump responded to his speech."Will he talk about our policy differences?" Mr. Romney asked. "Or will heattack me with every imaginable low-road insult? This may tell you what you needto know about his temperament, his stability and his suitability to bepresident."Mr. Trump quickly returned fire during a campaign rally in Maine, where hecalled Mr. Romney "irrelevant" and a "failed candidate." Mr. Trump's supportersbooed and cheered.[Video: Donald Trump's Full Response to Mitt Romney Speech  Watch on YouTube.]"He failed badly," Mr. Trump said of Mr. Romney. "That was a race, I have to sayfolks, that should have been won. That was a race that absolutely should havebeen won, and I don't know what happened to him."Mr. Trump also described how Mr. Romney had begged for his endorsement in thatrace. "I could have said, 'Mitt, drop to your knees.' He would've dropped to hisknees."Whatever happens with Mr. Romney's continuing public job interview, theJean-Georges photo op was one of the stranger turns in the aftermath of theelection. Already, articles listing all the critical things Mr. Romney and Mr.Trump have said about each other had become something of a genre. There had beencalls for a public apology from Mr. Romney. And Mr. Trump's inner circle wasseemingly in open battleover the very idea of him joining the team.It all brings to mind the internet trope, drawn from an old Nationwide Insurancead: life comes at you fast.Try not to spill your soup.Related Articles     ·    Trump Victory Tour Set as Cabinet Comes Together     ·    Transcript of Mitt Romney's Speech on Donald Trump