President-elect Donald Trump is adding two more billionaires to his proposedCabinet, including Wall Street executive Steven Mnuchin as Treasury secretaryand financier Wilbur Ross as head of Commerce, according to a person familiarwith the decision.Mnuchin's deep roots on Wall Street fit the mold of past Treasury secretariesbut contrast with the populist stance that Trump took during his campaign.Mnuchin, also a Hollywood movie producer and Trump's campaign finance chairman,and Ross, known as the king of bankruptcy for his investments in distressedproperties, would be the second and third billionaire members of Trump'sCabinet, joining Betsy DeVos, who is Trump's pick for Education secretary.Mnuchin's selection -- which was first reported Tuesday by the New York Times --drew ire from Democratic and liberal groups, which have accused him of profitingfrom the financial crisis after buying the failed IndyMac Bank in 2009."So much for draining the swamp," said Adam Hodge, communications director forthe Democratic National Committee. He said Mnuchin "preyed on homeownersstruggling during the recession," calling Trump's pick "a slap in the face tovoters who hoped he would shake up Washington."Officials with Trump's transition team declined to confirm Mnuchin's selection,which may be announced as early as Wednesday.Mnuchin, 53, co-chief executive of hedge fund Dune Capital Management, served aschairman of the Pasadena-based bank, which was renamed OneWest Bank after he leda group of investors to purchase it. The bank has been criticized for a largenumber of foreclosures and hit by allegations of discrimination againstminorities. It also helped finance high-profile films such as "Suicide Squad,""American Sniper" and "Mad Max: Fury Road."During the campaign, Trump sharply criticized his Democratic opponent, HillaryClinton, for being too cozy with Wall Street.Now Trump has tapped Mnuchin, who spent 17 years at Goldman Sachs Group Inc., tobe one of the federal government's most important economic and financialofficials.Mnuchin rose to partner and chief information officer at the legendary WallStreet investment bank, where his father also had been a partner, before leavingin 2002 to work with billionaire investor George Soros.Two years later, Dune Capital Management was co-founded by Mnuchin as a spinofffrom Soros' firm.If confirmed by the Senate, Mnuchin would be the third former Goldman executiveto become Treasury secretary in recent years, after Robert Rubin under PresidentClinton and Henry M. Paulson under President George W. Bush.As Mnuchin's name emerged as a leading candidate for the Treasury post, theProgressive Change Campaign Committee called Mnuchin "a second-generationGoldman Sachs banker who made a fortune by foreclosing on working families'homes." The group criticized him for opposing tough Wall Street regulation.Mnuchin would become a key player in world economics, meeting frequently withforeign finance ministers, and in overseeing the U.S. tax and financial system.He would take the helm of an agency whose regulatory responsibilities swelledunder the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law.The Treasury secretary serves as chairman of the Financial Stability OversightCouncil, a panel of top regulators created by the law. Republicans havecriticized the council as wielding too much power.The Treasury Department also includes the Office of the Comptroller of theCurrency, an independent agency that supervises national banks; the IRS; theBureau of Engraving and Printing; and the Mint.Mnuchin is a Yale University graduate who is divorced with three children. Heowns a $26.5-million mansion in Bel-Air and has strong connections to SouthernCalifornia.In 2009, Mnuchin and other investors put up about $1.6 billion in cash topurchase IndyMac, one of the leading subprime mortgage lenders. They sold thebank to CIT Group last year for $3.4 billion. Mnuchin now serves on CIT's boardof directors.The deal was nearly derailed by complaints about OneWest's foreclosurepractices.OneWest had agreed to participate in a federal program to modify the mortgagesof borrowers so that they would not lose their homes. But community groups saidthe bank aggressively pursued foreclosures, particularly in minority areas.In 2011, dozens of activists protested the practices on the lawn of Mnuchin's22,000-square-foot Bel-Air home. That same year, the federal Office of ThriftSupervision hit the bank with a regulatory order saying it had failed to followprocedures when foreclosing on homeowners.This month, two California advocacy groups asked federal housing regulators toinvestigate OneWest over allegations that it discriminated against or failed toserve minority communities.The groups said OneWest had violated federal fair lending laws by "failing toeffectively market, offer and originate mortgage loans and other loan productsin communities of color."The groups also said the bank has a below-average level of branch locations inminority communities.Ross, Trump's pick as Commerce secretary, would be the administration's chiefliaison with the business community and a leading advocate for U.S. tradeabroad.Ross, 80, who was a senior policy advisor to Trump's campaign, is worth $2.9billion, according to Forbes magazine.Like Trump, Ross has been critical of U.S. trade deals. He sharply criticizedtrade negotiators and called for the U.S. to withdraw from theyet-to-be-ratified Trans-Pacific Partnership and to renegotiate the NorthAmerican Free Trade Agreement. Trump has pledged to do both upon taking office."I think there's a big difference between the impact of trade agreements oncorporate America and the impact on Mr. and Mrs. America," Ross said in anAugust interview with CNBC. "What we're doing is we're exporting jobs andimporting products, instead of exporting products and keeping jobs."He headed the bankruptcy practice at investment bank Rothschild Inc. for aquarter-century before starting his own investment firm, WL Ross & Co., in 2000.Ross sold his firm in 2006 to mutual fund company Amvescap in a deal that wasvalued at the time at as much as $375 million. He is still the investment firm'schairman and chief strategist.In August, WL Ross & Co. agreed to a $2.3-million settlement with the Securitiesand Exchange Commission to resolve an investigation into charges the companyfailed to properly disclose fees to some investors.--jim.puzzanghera@latimes.comTwitter: @JimPuzzanghera