WASHINGTON - President-elect Donald Trump is enlisting a trio of nominees withdeep ties to Washington and Wall Street to fill out his Cabinet, includingformer Goldman Sachs executive Steven Mnuchin as secretary of the TreasuryDepartment.On Tuesday, Trump also chose Georgia Rep. Tom Price to oversee the nation'shealth care system, picking a fierce "Obamacare" critic who has championedefforts to privatize Medicare. And he selected another veteran Republican,Elaine Chao, a former labor secretary and the wife of Senate Majority LeaderMitch McConnell, to lead the Department of Transportation.Mnuchin's official announcement was expected as early as Wednesday, according toa person familiar with the decision who insisted on anonymity in order toconfirm the pick ahead of time.Mnuchin, 53, led Trump's finance operations during the presidential campaign andbecome close with the president-elect and his family. But he has no governmentexperience, which could prove a hurdle in navigating the tricky politics ofWashington.If confirmed by the Senate, Mnuchin would play a central role in shaping Trump'stax policies and infrastructure plans. He would also lead an agency tasked withimplementing international economic sanctions.Mnuchin is expected to be joined on Trump's senior economic team by anotherfinancier, Wilbur Ross. The billionaire investor is considered the "king ofbankruptcy for buying beaten-down companies with the potential to deliverprofits.Trump spent much of Tuesday in his Manhattan skyscraper, racing through meetingswith prospective administration hires as high-profile vacancies remain - nonebigger than secretary of state. He emerged in the evening for a private dinnerwith former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney, who is on the shortlist for thenation's chief diplomat.Romney spoke briefly to reporters after the meal, saying he has "increasing hopethat Trump can lead the country to a "better future.Price, picked to lead the Department of Health and Human Services after morethan a decade in Congress, helped craft House Speaker Paul Ryan's plan toprivatize Medicare - a position Trump opposed in the campaign.Price's selection raised questions about the incoming president's commitment toMedicare, among other popular entitlement programs he repeatedly vowed topreserve before the election. The Georgia congressman led GOP efforts on CapitolHill to transform Medicare into a voucher-like system, a change that if enacted,would likely dramatically reduce government spending on the health care programthat serves an estimated 57 million people.Trump did not address Price's position on Medicare in a statement released byhis transition team. The team did not respond to subsequent questions about it."Chairman Price, a renowned physician, has earned a reputation for being atireless problem solver and the go-to expert on health care policy, making himthe ideal choice to serve in this capacity, Trump said. "He is exceptionallyqualified to shepherd our commitment to repeal and replace Obamacare and bringaffordable and accessible health care to every American.Trump, in a 2015 interview promoted on his campaign website, pledged not to cutexpensive entitlement programs that Republicans have fought for years to cut tohelp reduce the federal deficit."I'm not going to cut Social Security like every other Republican. And I'm notgoing to cut Medicare or Medicaid. Every other Republican's going to cut, Trumptold the Daily Signal.He later changed his mind on Medicaid, embracing the GOP concept of turning theprogram over to the states with a fixed amount of federal "block grant funding.Like any Cabinet official, Price would carry out the wishes of the president.And a sweeping Medicare initiative would have to go through Congress with someDemocratic support, which would be unlikely.Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders charged that Price "has a long history of wanting todo exactly the opposite of what Trump campaigned on.Like Price, Elaine Chao is well-known in Washington. She was the firstAsian-American woman to serve in a president's Cabinet, as labor secretary underGeorge W. Bush.Her record in that post suggests she would bring a light hand to safetyenforcement as transportation secretary. Under Chao at Labor, the OccupationalSafety and Health Administration didn't issue a single significant new safetyregulation for four years. Mine safety inspectors were cut and inspectionsreduced.Whether it's integrating drones into the national airspace, deployingself-driving cars or "some other new technology, she's not going to beespecially inclined to second guess the industry when they say that this will besafe, said Thomas McGarity, a University of Texas law professor and author of"Freedom to Harm, a book about the Labor Department that includes Chao's tenure.Mnuchin, Price and Chao would require Senate confirmation.The president-elect summoned Romney for dinner Tuesday night to discuss thesecretary of state job for a second time. He also met with Tennessee Sen. BobCorker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, having met withformer CIA director David Petraeus the day before.After his meeting, Corker told reporters, "The world needs to know that thesecretary of state is someone who speaks fully for the president, a possible jabat Romney, who aggressively opposed Trump's candidacy.Transition aides said Trump was likely at least a few days away from a decision.Even as he weighed crucial Cabinet decisions, Trump appeared distracted byoutside issues - or eager to create distractions himself. He tweeted that"nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag. He warned that those who doshould face "perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!Trump offered no context for his message.The Supreme Court has ruled that flag burning is protected by the FirstAmendment, and Republican House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said Tuesday hedoesn't support Trump's approach."I support the First Amendment, he said.