Athletic shoe company New Balance continues to endure a public relationsbacklash after a company executive's perceived pro-Donald Trump comments wereembraced by a white supremacist blogger who deemed their shoes "the officialshoes of white people."In response, the U.S.-based private company is blanketing social media withstatements that it "does not tolerate bigotry or hate in any form."The situation highlights the landmines that companies face in a post-electionmarketplace with a divided constituency of consumers. With the nation's votingpopulation split down the center, a company taking a political stand, eitherintentionally or inadvertently, risks alienating nearly half of its potentialcustomer base. And the speed in which kerfuffles spread over social media canincrease the damage caused by a public relations slip-up or misunderstanding."How do brands navigate a hyper-polarized political world?" said Matthew Quint,director of the Columbia Business School's Center on Global Brand Leadership."It's going to be a very interesting and tricky thing."New Balance's situation is reminiscent of Chick-fil-A after its president, DanCathy, in 2012 said the company opposed same-sex marriage. "That stigma hasstuck with Chick-fil-A. You will still get heated responses about that," saidMarlene Morris Towns, a professor of marketing at Georgetown University'sMcDonough School of Business.Complicating the issue is New Balance's mention of Trump by name, Towns said,which some consumers can take as a sign that "I'm OK with misogyny, sexism andracism or whatever, because it helps my business."New Balance found itself in the middle of controversy after Matthew LeBretton,the company's vice president of public affairs, told The Wall Street Journal theday after the presidential election that "The Obama administration turned a deafear to us and, frankly, with President-elect Trump, we feel things are going tomove in the right direction."The Boston-headquartered company says those comments were taken out of contextand were about U.S. trade policy and the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a tradeagreement between the U.S. and 11 other countries in the Asia Pacific andAmericas. New Balance, which The NPD Group estimates owns about 4% of the globalathletic footwear market, long has opposed the TPP, while competitors such asNike with significant international production have supported the pact.LeBretton's comments ignited a wave of online protests from customers who postedpictures of their New Balance shoes in the trash or being set on fire, alongwith pledges to boycott the brand. "Good to know this. #Boycott Any company whosupported Trump!" said one tweet.The situation percolated to another level after white supremacist website TheDaily Stormer's publisher Andrew Anglin wrote. "We need to support that. I seeNew Balances now becoming the official shoes of white people."New Balance already had posted statements on social media in an attempt todistance itself from the white supremacist site.