Earlier this year, former reality show contestant Omarosa Manigault made anabsurd prediction on PBS "Frontline" that has proved to be prescient - at leastregarding Republicans:"Every critic, every detractor will have to bow down to President Trump," shesaid with a smile full of serpentine authority. "It's everyone who has everdoubted Donald, who ever disagreed, who ever challenged him. It is the ultimaterevenge to become the most powerful man in the universe."We all guffawed loudly at that bit of apocalyptic prophesying. After all,Omarosa's claim to fame had been as the designated villain during Season 1 of"The Apprentice." She accused the show of selectively editing scenes to make herlook like a Dragon Lady and even hinted that the producers were racist.Since then, Omarosa and "The Donald" have mended fences. The former Democrat whoonce worked for Vice President Al Gore became Donald Trump's African-Americanoutreach coordinator, arguably America's most thankless job.After her TV boss and onetime tormentor was elected the 45th president of theUnited States, Omarosa gushed to the media about the existence of an "enemieslist" of pols who did not support Mr. Trump's run for the White House. "It's sogreat our enemies are making themselves clear so that when we get into the WhiteHouse, we know where we stand," she said, echoing Richard Nixon.Watching the almost ritualistic humiliation of former Massachusetts Gov. MittRomney during his bid to become the next secretary of state calls to mindOmarosa's chilling words on "Frontline."At the time, she was mostly talking about Democrats, but that's not going tohappen. The opposite of "bowing down" has already begun on theliberal/progressive front. Democrats are livid over losing the White House to aguy who lost every debate, lost the popular vote by at least 2 million and willlikely have more conflicts of interests than any president in U.S. history.But what's interesting is that unlike Democrats, more than a few once-staunch"Never Trump" Republicans have already bared their necks like submissive caninesbefore the Trump alpha dog.Those of us who remember the disturbing stories of Mr. Romney's bullying wayswhen he was allegedly a prep school sadist at Michigan's Cranbrook School in themid-1960s will admit to a tinge of schadenfreude watching him get hazed by aneven bigger bully. The fact that Mr. Romney would submit to the humiliation inthe first place is disturbing - and ultimately disqualifying.Now there are reports that Mr. Romney will have to make a full-throated apologyto Donald Trump for calling him a "scam artist" and other fairly accurate thingsbefore he can expect serious consideration. Even then, the job may go to formerNew York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, or a third horse like Gen. David Petraeus, anyway.Because the 2012 GOP presidential nominee was not a Trump loyalist, he isexpected to show his loyalty to the president-elect by "bowing down," inOmarosa's words. When he does, his shame will be televised, deconstructed andlaughed at along with all the other absurdities of the Trump news cycle.But if there is one thing the Romney comeuppance teaches us is that every bully,no matter how insulated by wealth he may be, gets his teeth kicked in sooner orlater. Call it karma or whatever - but Donald Trump is headed for an epic fall.We're already seeing signs of the coming unraveling in his petulant response toHillary Clinton's massive lead in the popular vote. He's feeling genuinelythreatened by the Wisconsin recount initiated by Jill Stein's challenge.Although it isn't likely to reverse his win, it will contribute to Ms. Clinton'soverall lead nationally.In anticipation of that embarrassment, Mr. Trump has embraced the conspiracytheories of Alex Jones' Infowars website. Mr. Jones is pimping themuch-discredited theory that "millions" of votes were cast by undocumentedimmigrants on Nov. 8. That way, Mr. Trump can claim he "won" the popular vote ifthe votes of illegal aliens are deducted from the total.To save face, Mr. Trump is calling into question the legitimacy of thepresidential race he won. One would think he would welcome even a nationwiderecount to "prove" he won the Electoral College and possibly the popular vote,but he'd rather double down the ignorance.In the end, Mr. Trump's presidency could be fatally undermined byconflict-of-interest issues he doesn't believe apply to him or his familybusiness, and emoluments from foreign governments. In a weird way, maybe he'sdoing Mitt Romney a favor by humiliating him and sparing him the indignity oftrying to "normalize" his rampant double-dealing. Our highest-ranking diplomatshouldn't be reduced to being a bag man.