HIGHLIGHT: His meeting with The Times was a marvel of boasting and bending.I had just shaken the president-elect's normal-size hand and he was moving on tothe next person when he wheeled around, took a half step back, touched my armand looked me in the eye anew."I'm going to get you to write some good stuff about me," Donald Trump said.It's entirely possible. I keep an open mind. But I'm decided on this much:Winning the most powerful office in the world did nothing to diminish his epicache for adoration or outsize need to tell everyone how much he deserves it.He sat down for more than an hour with about two dozen of us at The Times onTuesday afternoon, and what subject do you suppose he spent his first eightminutes on? When the floor was his, to use as he pleased?The incredibleness of his win two weeks ago."A great victory," he said as he went back, unbidden, through all theTrump-affirming highlights: the size of his crowds; the screens and loudspeakersfor the overflow; the enthusiasm gap between his rallies and poor HillaryClinton's. It's a song I've heard so often I could sing it in my sleep.He volunteered that until he came along, Republican presidential candidates hadbeen foiled in both Michigan and Pennsylvania for "38 years or something." The"something" apparently covered the actual figure, 28.He said that he got close to 15 percent of African-Americans' votes, though exitpolls suggest it was just 8 percent, and he asserted that their modest turnoutwas in fact a huge compliment to him, demonstrating that "they liked what I wassaying" and thus didn't bother to show up for Clinton.He mentioned the popular vote before any of us could - to let us know that hewould have won it if it had mattered and his strategy had been devisedaccordingly."The popular vote would have been a lot easier," he said, making clear that hisElectoral College triumph was the truly remarkable one.For Trump, bragging is like breathing: continuous, spontaneous. He wants nothingmore than for his audience to be impressed.And when his audience is a group of people, like us, who haven't clapped the wayhe'd like?He sands down his edges. Modulates his voice. Bends.That was perhaps the most interesting part of the meeting, the one that makeshis presidency such a question mark. Will he tilt in whatever direction, andtoward whichever constituency, is the surest source of applause? Is our besthope for the best Trump to be so fantastically adulatory when he's reasonablethat he's motivated to stay on that course, lest the adulation wane?The Trump who visited The Times was purged of any zeal to investigate Clinton'semails or the Clinton Foundation, willing to hear out the scientists on globalwarming, skeptical of waterboarding and unhesitant to disavow whitenationalists. He never mentioned the border wall.He more or less told us to disregard all the huffing and puffing he'd done aboutcurtailing press freedoms, and he looked forward to another meeting - a yearfrom now - when we'd all reunite in a spirit of newfound amity to celebrate hisadministration's uncontroversial accomplishments. I could see the big group hug.I could hear "Kumbaya."And though one of his splenetic tweets just seven hours before our meeting hadagain branded The Times a "failing" news organization, he said to our faces thatwe weren't just a "great, great American jewel" but a "world jewel."There was a lesson here about his desire to be approved of and his hunger to beloved. There was another about the shockingly unformed, pliable nature of theclay that is our 70-year-old president-elect.His reservations about waterboarding, he said, arose from a conversation he'djust had with James Mattis, a retired Marine general under consideration forsecretary of defense. During that talk Mattis had bluntly questionedwaterboarding's effectiveness - and so, now, did Trump.It was as if he'd never really thought through the issue during that endlesscampaign, and it suggested that the most influential voice in Trumplandia is thelast one he happened to listen to. That's worrying, because some of the voiceshe has thus far put closest to him - those of Steve Bannon, Mike Flynn, JeffSessions - aren't the most constructive, restrained, unifying ones.And to my eyes and ears, Trump still has grandiose intentions in lieu ofconcrete plans. Toward the end of our meeting, he went so far as to prophesythat he might be able to accomplish what his predecessors couldn't and broker alasting peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians.That'd definitely do the trick. We'd all be writing nothing but very, very goodstuff about him then.I invite you to follow me on Twitter (@FrankBruni) and join me on Facebook.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTopinion),and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.Related Articles     ·    Questioning Donald Trump     ·    The Trump Revelations     ·    At Lunch, Donald Trump Gives Critics Hope     ·    Trump Reassures the Media (For Now)