Happy or not, it seems almost everyone has something to say about the outcome ofthe presidential election.During the campaign, the fashion community didn't skimp on its support forDemocratic candidate Hillary Clinton. Vogue editor Anna Wintour held afundraiser for her during New York Fashion Week, while designers such as MarcJacobs, Tory Burch and Public School's Maxwell Osborne and Dao-Yi Chow created"Made for History" merchandise for her online store. For his fall collection,Iranian-Israeli designer Elie Tahari even featured a female president in hisadvertisements. It's no surprise, then, that their relationship with Donald andMelania Trump has gotten off to a rocky start.Despite her model roots, don't expect to see designers enthusiasticallyjockeying to dress the incoming first lady. French designer Sophie Theallet,who's outfitted Michelle Obama, shared an open letter on social media statingshe will not "participate in dressing or associating in any way with the nextfirst lady" - and she's encouraging others to do the same. Humberto Leon, one ofthe founders and designers behind Opening Ceremony and Kenzo, has echoed hersentiments on his Facebook page: "If she buys your clothes, tell people youdon't support it." (A number of other designers have declined to comment or haveresponded with vague answers when asked for their take on the topic.)Don't be too quick to call this sore-loser syndrome. For many fashion insiders -an industry largely comprosed of women, minorities, immigrants and members ofthe LGBTQ community - a Clinton loss cuts deeply. Just as the cast of the TonyAward-winning musical "Hamilton" used the theater to deliver a message ofconcern and hope to Vice President-elect Mike Pence, designers' apparel andaccessories are their platform to push their plea."The rhetoric of racism, sexism and xenophobia unleashed by her husband'spresidential campaign are incompatible with the shared values we live by," wroteMs. Theallet, who came to America to pursue her career.Even some prominent fashion media sites are weighing in."Trump and/or his Vice President-elect Mike Pence have been openly hostileregarding LGBTQ equality, same-sex marriage, female reproductive rights,immigration reform and international trade (just to scratch the surface) -stances that not only alienate a good portion of the fashion community, but thenation as a whole. And this is why we plan on having no part in normalizing theTrump family, particularly when it comes to cataloging the first lady's fashionchoices," Fashionista.com explained in an editorial published last month. Thepiece went on to say that the website will reserve coverage of Mrs. Trump'sfashions for "strictly newsworthy occasions."During the Obama administration, fashion's who's who have gotten pretty friendlywith the first family. Mrs. Obama welcomed students from across the country tothe White House for a fashion workshop as part of her Reach Higher educationinitiative. They got the chance to hear advice for making it in the industryfrom the likes of Diane von Furstenberg, Prabal Gurung, Jason Wu and TracyReese. She also encouraged diversity, entrepreneurship and American-made brandsthrough her wardrobe picks and helped to skyrocket the careers of emergingtalents like Mr. Wu, who designed the gowns she wore to inaugural balls in 2009and 2013.Then there's what's come to be known as "the Michelle Obama effect." For 189public appearances she made between November 2008 and December 2009, shegenerated about $2.7 billion in value for the companies whose pieces shesported, according to a study by David Yermack, professor of finance at the NewYork University Stern School of Business.So far, Mrs. Trump has opted for off-the-rack outfits by Ralph Lauren (who'soutfitted Ms. Clinton for decades), Gucci and Fendi, to name a few. A Trumpspokesperson told Women's Wear Daily after the Republican National Conventionthat she wasn't working one-on-one with any designers. While it's unknown ifthat will change, her clothes already have been sparking sales. For instance,the white fitted dress with bell sleeves by London-based designer RoksandaIlincic that she wore to give her convention speech swiftly sold out after herappearance. It retailed for $2,190 at net-a-porter.com.The irony of all this, however, is that if designers turn their backs on Mrs.Trump, they run the risk of being discriminatory themselves. We don't know muchabout Mrs. Trump or what kind of first lady she will be. Is it smart to shut herout, all the while Mr. Trump is being criticized for shutting out Muslims,Hispanics, women, etc., with his brash rhetoric?"How can we help on the eve of this new era?" Ms. von Furstenberg wrote in aletter to the 500-plus members of the Council of Fashion Designers of America,the nonprofit governing body for fashion in America. Her suggestions: "Embracediversity, be open-minded, be generous and have compassion." (She was a verypublic advocate for Ms. Clinton during the campaign.)"I'm going to give Melania the benefit of the doubt," Jeremy Scott, the creativedirector for Moschino and his own namesake label, told Vanity Fair. TommyHilfiger, Carolina Herrera, Rag & Bone's Marcus Wainwright and Joseph Altuzarraare a few others who are open to giving her a chance.Will that chance be reciprocated? Time, and perhaps Mrs. Trump's sartorial tastecome January, will tell.Sara Bauknecht: sbauknecht@post-gazette.com or on Twitter and Instagram@SaraB_PG.