The African American community remains in bondage and has, increasingly beenoppressed in the American society, with the negligible advances made canceled bymassive setbacks. First, we must understand the reality on the ground and itsunderlying causes.Very early in the 2016 presidential race, the news media made appallingmiscalculations which wrongly projected winners and losers based on preconceivednotions and norms of the establishment politics. In their view, Donald Trump hadno chance whatsoever, let alone becoming the nominee of the Republican Party.But all that is behind us and today Trump has been elected the 45th President ofthe United States. He faces a rocky road ahead and will be tested vehemently onAmerica's racial divide.Let's put a few things in perspective and begin with President Abraham Lincoln,who is credited with the Emancipation Proclamation and ending slavery. Until the1960s, those fighting for civil rights for blacks were Republicans, includingvery prominent black people like Fredrick Douglass, Harriett Tubman, SojournerTruth and the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr., to name a few.On the other hand, the segregationists were all Democrats. It's disappointingbecause, Congressional records show that the Democrats were strongly opposed tothe passage of the 13th, 14th, 15th Amendments. Republicans introduced thesethree Amendments to abolish slavery, give citizenship to blacks born in the USand the right to vote.There's no doubt that African Americans fell victim and bought into PresidentLyndon Johnson's Great Society and War on Poverty initiative as a safety netthat later destroyed the black family. He was quoted several times, as saying,"we'll have those&voting Democrat for 200 years&, when he instituted the welfarestate that created a culture of dependency and victimhood in the blackcommunity.Single-mother households became a profitable venture to claim larger welfarechecks. Absent the father figure doomed the household; a dynamic that lead todysfunctional families which brought about uncontrollable crime activities andhigh rates of black youth incarceration. We need not look further than the innercities of America, for evidence of Democratic Party neglect of the blacks.Looking forward, Donald Trump's remark to the African American community, "Whathave you got to lose, was a direct challenge to the exploitation of blackloyalty to the Democratic Party. Many took the remark as insult, but it shouldbe seen as an opportunity to remedy serious issues within our community.Trump's anti-establishment posture gives me hope that real change will bearchived by his administration without interference or cronyism. There are somechanges that would radically alter the fortunes of the black community and theopportunity is here for Trump to tackle and hopefully, resolve some lingeringissues.He can archive a lot with a Republican Congress. Frankly, he can turn the tideand reverse the negative perception of his party toward blacks. This isRepublicans' best hope for change. Here are some solutions that could work withan eye to saving the next generation of black children from on-going enslavementpractices in the 21st century:-Develop a plan with realistic alternatives towards winding down welfare as away of life.-Provide Tax Amnesty for Small Businesses (not a bailout) across the board tore-energize entrepreneurship, with perhaps, additional incentives for areas hardhit with poverty.-Incentivize vocational schools toward aforementioned entrepreneurshipopportunity.-Develop inmate release plans for non-violent offenders with time line toexpunge criminal record.-Encourage two-parent working families with a revised tax code.-Introduce ex-offender CCC model to revitalize inner city America.A rising tide lifts all boats and thus, African-American and Latino communitiesmust be included in the prosperity that a disrupter or non-conformist such asTrump, offers. The election of the first African-American president was welcomedwith high hopes and optimism in the black communities, yet the dream fell shortbecause it lacks evidence of black prosperity. I am confident that America willget it right if President Trump stands tall and rejects the notion of a dividednation.Charles Minimah lives in Charleston.