The Sunday after the presidential election, Gregg Phillips, founder of a healthcare analytics firm in Austin, tweeted "we have verified more than three millionvotes cast by non-citizens. We are joining @truethevote to initiate legalaction."The next day, Phillips's assertion, based solely on his tweet, was splashedacross the InfoWars site - run by Austin conspiracy theorist Alex Jones - thathas become an agitprop site for President-elect Donald Trump, with the headline,"Report: Three Million Votes in Presidential Election Cast by Illegal Aliens.Trump may have won popular vote." It was quickly picked up by the Drudge Report,a premier aggregator of the web with its own pro-Trump bent, which changed"Report" to "Claim."Phillips, a former executive with the Texas Health and Human Services Commissionand prolific tweeter on voting fraud, was astonished his tweet was given suchprominence. No one had called him.The Sunday after Thanksgiving, when millions of Americans were watchingfootball, the president-elect, apparently vexed by Hillary Clinton's more than 2million vote lead in the popular vote and Green Party presidential candidateJill Stein's effort to get recounts in three states that Trump narrowly won,turned to Twitter, seemingly inspired by Phillips' math."In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popularvote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally," he tweeted.Trump was lambasted far and wide, and Phillips, whose tweet was quicklypinpointed as his inspiration, was besieged by reporters, fact-checkers andangry tweeters telling him to put up or shut up.'Isn't everything on Twitter fake?'Phillips' tweet was a statement of what he thinks he will be able to prove oncehe is able to analyze True the Vote's 50-state, 180-million-registered-voterdatabase when it is updated to reflect the election - not a statement, as itsounded, of what he was able to prove right now. Any legal action will wait fora Trump Justice Department.Phillips said he thought Twitter allowed that kind of latitude."When did a tweet become news?" Phillips told the American-Statesman. "I'm justlike a guy. I'm an ordinary guy. There are billions of tweets every single dayand because somebody picked it up, made something of something I wrote, all of asudden the president-elect is talking about me?""Seriously, is a tweet really news?" Phillips said. "Isn't everything on Twitterfake?"To his critics, Trump's claim was the latest egregious example of his being awilling and eager sucker for fake news, or worse."This is a lie, part of Mr. Trump's pattern, stretching back many years, ofdisregard for indisputable facts," The New York Times wrote in its leadeditorial Tuesday. "There is no evidence of illegal voting on even a small scaleanywhere in the country, let alone a systematic conspiracy involving âmillions.' "PolitiFact rated the claim Pants on Fire. Washington Post fact checker GlennKessler gave it Four Pinocchios."Now that Trump is on the verge of becoming president, he needs to be morecareful about making wild allegations with little basis in fact, especially ifthe claim emerged from a handful of tweets and conspiracy-minded websites,"Kessler wrote. "He will quickly find that such statements will undermine hisauthority on other matters."Trump's inspiration?Phillips doesn't think his tweet inspired Trump.He notes that the Presidential Transition Team directed reporters to a 2014Washington Post report by Old Dominion University political scientists JesseRichman and David Earnest, whose study concluded that "some non-citizensparticipate in U.S. elections, and that this participation has been large enoughto change meaningful election outcomes including Electoral College votes, andCongressional elections. Noncitizen votes likely gave Senate Democrats thepivotal 60th vote needed to overcome filibusters in order to pass health carereform and other Obama administration priorities in the 111th Congress."Richman and Earnest, whose study was bombarded with criticism, concluded illegalvoting might have enabled the passage of Obamacare.Caroline Engelbrecht, founder of the Houston-based True the Vote, a right ofcenter voter integrity group, said it will be some time into the new year beforethe group will have updated its 50-state database and that Phillips and otherswill analyze it looking for flaws - dead people on the rolls, duplicateregistrations and noncitizen voters, who they will ferret out by triangulatingagainst other databases.It is, she said, an unprecedented effort.Of Phillips, Engelbrecht said, "At the end of the day (Phillips) is on my board,he is my friend, he is a rock-solid individual and I stand by him and I stand bywhat he said and that's it."And, she said, "We put out a statement saying we support President-elect Trump'scomment about the potential that millions of votes were illegally cast.""I am going to stand by the numbers. The numbers are accurate," Phillips said."I am going to do exactly what I said I'm going to do. I'm going to release allthe information whether it turns out I'm right or wrong, whatever comes out ofour final analysis and all the hard work of going through this stuff. I'm goingto come out and say either I was wrong or I was right. I'm going to come out anddo that."But, what really unnerved Phillips was the Twitter venom directed his way afterhe was identified as the president-elect's apparent inspiration."In the last couple of days I've been called a Nazi, a Russian, a traitor, anasshole, a racist, all on Twitter," Phillips said. "I'm none of the above, none.I'm truly just an ordinary guy."Contact Jonathan Tiloveat 512-445-3572.