It was the third Tuesday of November, one week after the election of Donald J.Trump, and hundreds of protesters were on the march, streaming down MarketStreet toward City Hall under police escort.There was something about this march that distinguished it from the almost dailypost-election demonstrations that have occurred across the San Francisco BayArea, mostly peaceful, a few marked by vandalism: President-elect Trump was notthe target.Rather, the protest was aimed at the proposed Dakota Access Pipeline, a1,172-mile crude oil line that critics fear could harm lands held sacred byNative Americans.In one sense, the non-Trump demonstration seemed to suggest a return to normalfor a city with a long tradition of taking progressive political views to thestreets.At the same time, however, it underscored an increasingly common response hereas the city's initial shock and anger over the election begins to subside -- agreater need to take up a cause, to pay more attention, to engage more activelyin civic life."There are a lot of different issues," said Patricia St. Onge, one of theprotest organizers, who noted that representatives from Black Lives Matter andother movements had turned out as well. "What we want to do now is startconnecting all the dots."If California, as described by Teddy Roosevelt, is west of the West, then SanFrancisco stands to the far left of the Left Coast. The election resultsprovided vivid evidence.Fewer than 1 in 10 San Franciscans voted for Trump; 85.4% cast ballots forHillary Clinton. Across the seven-county Bay Area, the voting was almost equallylopsided, with Clinton receiving nearly 1.3 million votes more than thepresident-elect. Take away that margin, and Trump would have prevailednationally in the popular vote.With the wide margins came an even wider river of grief here once it becameclear Trump had prevailed. In the election aftermath, the emotional stagesidentified by Elizabeth Kubler-Ross in her landmark treatise "On Death andDying" all have been on display here: denial, anger, bargaining, depression,plenty of each of these."Stop the transition," demanded a letter published Friday in the San FranciscoChronicle newspaper from a reader who appeared to have moved on from denial tobargaining. "The election is invalid, and I demand a new one, with UnitedNations accountability."Less in evidence has been acceptance, the fifth emotion Kubler-Ross discerned inher study of the terminally ill, but there are moments."We'll survive," said Boyton Jones, a 51-year-old unemployed tech worker. "Youhave to knuckle down, but we'll get through it just fine."Jones was outside the 16th St. Mission BART station, applying adhesive tape tokeep multicolored sticky notes from blowing away in the breeze. People had beenplacing handwritten messages on a station wall since the election."Discrimination is sin," one proclaimed."Pray," counseled another."Don't lose hope," offered another, followed by a smiley face."Somebody ought to write [expletive] fascism," growled a bearded young bicyclistas he shot past.Laid off in January and saddled with high rent, Jones, an Air Force veteran,said he was leaning toward Trump early in the campaign, "but then it becameracist." On election night, he joined a large protest in downtown Oakland, butwas dismayed, he said, when "anarchists" started smashing windows.He decided to go his own way. He built a sign warning of Pyrrhic victory andchickens coming home to roost, donned a Golden State Warriors jersey with "Obama44" across the back, along with an Obama mask, and started walking across theGolden Gate Bridge."I do my thing on the bridge," he said. "My own protest."He had come to the BART station wall to see the notes and noticed that they werebeginning to blow away. So he took it upon himself to make sure each was shoredup with tape."When you are so angry, and you feel like doing something negative," he said,"the best cure is to do something positive."Muriel MacDonald, a 25-year-old writer for a political consulting firm, startedthe wall project. She described riding a streetcar to work after the election;the car was filled with passengers. They all kept their heads down and did notspeak."It was silent," she recalled, "the whole way."She said her project was her attempt to move forward. She said it's beencriticized for being "too warm and fuzzy. But I am just trying to help peopleprocess so we can move on and fight. It's not about warm and fuzzy. It's aboutpsychological healing."Since the election San Franciscans have expressed, in private conversation andin published letters, a desire to look inwardly, circle the wagons, go it alone.There has even been columnist chatter about supporting a California secessionfrom the union --no doubt impossible, but the conversational equivalent ofcomfort food.Others have advocated for pushing out into the country, assuming a nationalleadership role for blue-state Americans, exporting Californians to register forthe next election in critical red-state districts.For example, the San Francisco Gay Men's Chorus, born in the aftermath ofSupervisor Harvey Milk's assassination 40 years ago, has announced a plan toperform a "freedom tour" through some of the reddest of red states in 2018."This chorus is rooted in social activism," explained Executive Director ChrisVerdugo. "We want to use music to put forward the ideals of compassion, activismand community. These are our templates."For his part, Mayor Ed Lee has offered at once both the idea of turning inwardand of leading outward."Today," he noted in a statement, "many San Franciscans are feeling anxious andnervous following this divisive and polarizing presidential election."But San Francisco will remain San Francisco.... San Francisco will continue tobe a beacon of light, a city dedicated to progress, and a leader on issues thathave changed the landscape of our country for the better."In this bluest of blue cities, anyway, the mayor's sentiments did notnecessarily seem like denial.--peter.king@latimes.comTwitter: @peterhking