Some Hillary Clinton supporters are really starting to lose it in response toDonald Trump beating their candidate in the presidential election.Trump hinted throughout the election that he would lose because the thing wasrigged. Democrats were indignant and alarmed by this sentiment. "Donald Trumprefused to say that he'd respect the results of this election. That's a directthreat to democracy" Clinton tweeted in October. But post-election, many Clintonpartisans are pushing to challenge the election results.Vocalizing disdain for a Trump presidency is one thing. But the #AuditTheVotemovement and movement to push the electors of the electoral college to switchtheir votes to Clinton goes beyond protesting-so much for the Michelle Obama'srhetoric "when they go low, we go high."A Washington Post-ABC News poll that found 33 percent of Clinton supportersdidn't believe Trump was the legitimate winner of the election. Without anyciting any evidence, Op-Eds, tweets, and sweeping speculation has been citedfrom Clinton supporters claiming that the Russian hackers who allegedly obtainedemails from the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and Clinton campaign chairJohn Podesta could have also hacked voting machines in order to tip the electionin Trump's favor."Maybe all the polls weren't wrong. Maybe Russian hackers didn't stop with theDNC," tweeted NBC Legal Analyst Lisa Bloom.New York Times Clinton drone Paul Krugmandoubled down on the conspiracy theorythat FBI Director James Comey had a secret alliance with Russian leader VladimirPutin to help influence the election in favor of Trump.Sarah Kendzior, a blogger for Blue Nation Review, a Clinton propaganda siteowned by David Brock, has repeatedly claimed with popular support on Twitterthat voting machines were hacked by Russia, without providing any actualevidence. Kendzior fear mongered in an Op-Ed for Globe and Mail, and on herTwitter account that Trump's presidency and its transition into the White Houseare symptomatic of an authoritarian fascist regime transition. She has claimedthat CNN, The Associated Press and MSNBC have been compromised by this regime,and that recent tweets from the CIA suggest either they are sending out "an SOS"or "they're on board with the new reich."Petitions surfaced from Clinton supporters to forgo an election audit, andpetition electors of the electoral college to cast their votes for Clinton inwhat can only be described as a coup attempt. One such petition reached nearly20,000 signatures before MoveOn.org removed it from their website. A petition onChange.org to do the same has reached over four million signatures. "We arecalling on the Electors to ignore their states' votes and cast their ballots forSecretary Clinton," states the petition.Andrea Chalupa-the sister of DNC research staffer Alexandra Chalupa-claimed onsocial media, without any evidence, that despite Clinton conceding the electionto Trump, the voting results need to be audited to because Clinton couldn't havelost-it must have been Russia. Chalupa hysterically tweeted to every politicianon Twitter to audit the vote because of Russia and claimed the TV show TheAmericans, about two KGB spies living in America, is real.Thousands of Clinton supporters have retweeted and share Chalupa's baselessconspiracy theories. Yet these were likely the same Clinton supporters who toldBernie Sanders fans to get over it when actual evidence surfaced that the DNCrigged the primaries for Hillary; or when actual voter discrepancies occurred,as when 126,000 voters were mysteriously purged from the rolls during the NewYork Democratic primary. There was no outrage coming from these Clintonsupporters then. And to underline their lack of serious principles, they ignoreother injustices that don't benefit their pro-Clinton narratives, such as theprotests against the Dakota Access Pipeline.These calls to audit the presidential election votes aren't based on a desire toexpand and protect democracy: They are attempts to delegitimize the electionresults so Clinton can be president instead.Democrats should start heeding the advice of Sanders instead of panicking andmaking up stories. "When you lose the White House to the least popular candidatein the history of America, when you lose the senate, when you lose the house,and when two-thirds of governors in this country are Republicans, it is time fora new direction in the Democratic Party," Sanders said during a speech onNovember 17. The Clinton campaign depended on using Trump to scare voters intosupporting Clinton. This only worked in blue states to boost turnout, whileswing states that Obama had previously won switched support to Trump.Instead of introspection and assuming responsibility for propping up a flawed,scandal-ridden presidential candidate with unappealing centrist policies,delusional Clinton supporters are reiterating the same damage-control tacticsand scapegoating they utilized throughout the 2016 presidential election.Clinton wasn't cheated out of the presidency. The campaign's own staffersattributed Clinton's loss to a combination of negligence and arrogance.Democrats lost the election and failed to recoup majorities in both houses ofcongress, while losing more seats in state legislatures across the country,because they seek partnerships with corporations and wealthy donors instead ofwith working and middle class Americans.Disclosure: Donald Trump is the father-in-law of Jared Kushner, the publisher ofObserver Media.