By Lisa Riley RocheDeseret NewsSALT LAKE CITY - Former Gov. Jon Huntsman Jr. confirmed Tuesday he isconsidering a run in 2018 for the U.S. Senate seat now held by Sen. Orrin Hatch,R-Utah."We're going to take a good look at this over the next six months to see howbest to serve a great state," Huntsman told the Deseret News after talking abouta potential run in a podcast interview with Bloomberg News that was releasedTuesday."I've always said that I've got one more run left in our bones. And I don't knowwhat that will be, but I love this country," Huntsman said in the Bloomberginterview. "We're going to take a good look at maybe a future Senate run in thestate of Utah."Huntsman, who calls Utah home despite living in the Washington, D.C., area afterserving as ambassador to China and a short-lived presidential run in 2012, saidhis decision "in part would be based on what Sen. Hatch chooses to do."Hatch, 82, had said during his 2012 primary election that he would not seek aneighth term. But the Senate president pro tempore, who is third in the line ofpresidential succession, said Tuesday he is being encouraged to run again."With (President-elect Donald) Trump winning and so forth, I think thecircumstances have changed dramatically," Hatch said, according to BloombergNews, citing his support of Trump before the election.Utah GOP Chairman James Evans has said Hatch is necessary to ensuring the statemaintains a good relationship with the new administration. Some Republicanleaders in Utah failed to back Trump, who won the state with 45.5 percent of thevote.Huntsman suggested it may be time for Hatch to go."He has been a productive senator for nearly half a century, and I'm somebodypersonally who believes in term limits," Huntsman told Bloomberg. "I alwayshave. You get into your job and you get out, hopefully leaving it a littlebetter for the next person to take over."Huntsman was first elected governor in 2004 and resigned a year into his secondterm to take the ambassadorship offered by President Barack Obama. His bid forthe White House ended after a third-place finish in the New Hampshire primary.The list of potential GOP candidates for the Senate seat includes Rep. JasonChaffetz, R-Utah; Josh Romney, son of 2012 presidential nominee Mitt Romney; andformer state lawmaker Dan Liljenquist, who forced Hatch into a primary in 2012.Republican Derek Miller, president and CEO of the World Trade Center Utah, and aformer chief of staff to Huntsman's successor, Gov. Gary Herbert, has saidpublicly he's looking at a run.On the Democratic side, former Congressman Jim Matheson is seen as a topcontender."Huntsman would be a formidable candidate. He was a popular and well-respectedgovernor in the state," said Chris Karpowitz, co-director of the BYU Center forthe Study of Elections and Democracy.Still, Karpowitz said, voters may question Huntsman having "been gone for someperiod of time. And he's worked in the Obama administration, and he's flirtedwith supporting Donald Trump. ... He's been all over the map ideologically."Huntsman, who had urged fellow Republicans to get behind Trump earlier thisyear, said Trump should drop out after a 2005 video surfaced of the billionairebusinessman using graphic terms to describe making sexual advances on women.Kirk Jowers, the former head of the University of Utah's Hinckley Institute ofPolitics, said Huntsman would be the toughest candidate to beat, in part becauseof his well-known philanthropic family.Jowers said Huntsman's decision to talk about the race should be a warning toany would-be competitors."Huntsman has positioned himself very well. The not-too-well disguised secret isnow public," he said. "So for anyone looking at that race, they know they wouldhave to beat either Sen. Hatch and/or Jon Huntsman, and that is a challenge notfor the faint of heart."Email: lisa@deseretnews.comTwitter: DNewsPoliticsLOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHPUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper