Two weeks before Election Day, at the final Pennsylvania Senate debate,legendary Philadelphia newsman Jim Gardner began with what seemed like an easyfirst question. "Can you tell us," Gardner asked Democrat Katie McGinty, "aboutone issue where you disagree with your party or your potential president?""Thanks, Jim, and I do stand with Secretary Clinton," McGinty said. She spentthe next minute never distancing herself from Hillary Clinton. "I know this,Secretary Clinton will fight for working families and that's what I'm going todo as well."It's now clear that Democratic strategists and the media spent too much timefocused on the wrong question, asking how Republicans would separate themselvesfrom their unpopular nominee, Donald Trump.Instead of the president-elect being a drag on Republicans, Clinton became theanchor to which Democratic candidates willingly attached themselves. Despite herdeep unpopularity throughout the campaign, no Democratic candidates for Senateever tried to separate themselves from Clinton in any meaningful way.The results are stunning in their consistency.Clinton lost Pennsylvania, the first Democratic presidential nominee to lose thestate since 1988, with 47.6 percent and a little more than 2.8 million votes.McGinty lost, too, by almost the exact same margin, with 47.2 percent and about50,000 fewer votes than Clinton. Clinton lost Wisconsin, with 46.9 percent, asdid former senator Russ Feingold (D) in the Senate race, with 46.8 percent and1,800 fewer votes than Clinton.Again and again, as they positioned themselves as generic Democrats supportingClinton, voters in turn treated these candidates quite generically.In its final ratings, the independent Cook Political Report listed 11 Senateraces as either "toss-up" or "lean Democrat" or "lean Republican." Six of thoseDemocrats finished within 1.4 percentage points of Clinton's share in that samestate, according to the Associated Press's calculations. Three more fell wellbehind her.Only two Democrats in key races performed significantly better than Clinton:Evan Bayh, who got 125,000 more votes than Clinton in Indiana, and Jason Kander,who received about 230,00 more votes in Missouri. They both lost, by widemargins, in states where Clinton received just 38 percent of the vote.Not surprisingly, given their near-complete dependence on Clinton, SenateDemocrats only won three of those 11 races - in Illinois, Nevada and NewHampshire. Those were the only three states of that bunch that Clinton put inher electoral vote column.It seemed like such a smart strategy a year ago, as the Republican primarybecame increasingly bitter and GOP incumbents in swing states fretted abouttheir top-of-the-ticket problem. With fewer voters than ever splitting ticketsamong presidential candidates and down-ballot races, Democrats believed theycould hitch their wagon to Clinton for victory.There was no overhaul to the party's agenda after the 2014 midterms leftDemocrats in the minority and needing a five-seat gain this fall to reclaim themajority.Democrats talked about getting a better "message," to a degree that it was clearmany didn't understand the difference between a message and an agenda. Themessage is the thematic umbrella - Clinton's "Stronger Together" or Trump's"Make America Great Again" - while the more difficult part is the granularpolicy agenda.In 2012, Vice President Biden struck gold with a campaign message: "Osama binLaden is dead and General Motors is alive." But President Obama's successfulreelection campaign had a broad agenda focused heavily on tax fairness, pledgingtax cuts for those making less than $250,000 and to raise taxes on the rich.By 2014, Democrats did not have a broad agenda. Instead, they proposed aminimum-wage increase and refinanced college loans for young voters, a guaranteeof equal pay for equal work for young female voters and new immigration laws forLatino voters. This fall, the only significant update was a more robust proposalto make college affordable."The problem is they talk to people in segments," Rep. Tim Ryan (D-Ohio), who ischallenging House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), recently told TheWashington Post's Daily 202. "Here's our LGBT community. Here's our labor guy.That doesn't work. You stop becoming a national party. That's what happened."Aside from regional accent, or delivery style, Democrats sounded remarkablysimilar. In campaign appearances two days apart in mid-October, nothingdistinguished Catherine Cortez Masto, the former Nevada attorney general, fromRep. Ann Kirkpatrick (D-Ariz.) in their policy positions.Cortez Masto won the seat of retiring Senate Minority Leader Harry M. Reid(D-Nev.), finishing within a few thousand votes of Clinton's winning margin.Kirkpatrick got blown out by Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) as Clinton fell farshort there.Democrats mocked Republican efforts to localize their races and predicted Trumpwould define those campaigns. But in at least four states GOP incumbents brokefree of their nominee, winning reelection by a significantly larger margin thanTrump won their state: McCain and Sens. Ron Johnson (Wis.), Rob Portman (Ohio)and Marco Rubio (Fla.).In the campaign's final weeks, the undecided voters, particularly inworking-class regions, broke sharply against Clinton. Sen. Charles E. Schumer(D-N.Y.), the incoming minority leader, acknowledged that Trump's anti-tradeagenda and vow to bring back manufacturing jobs connected with some traditionalDemocrats."It's my view that the Democratic aspects of his economic program is whatbrought the blue-collar vote to him, more than anything else, trade being thetip of the spear," Schumer said in an interview last week with The Post.So, as the bottom fell out of Clinton's campaign, Democratic Senate candidateshad little to fall back on. Trump even became a bonus for some Republicans,winning by huge margins in Missouri and Indiana and by a larger-than-expectedfour percentage points in North Carolina.Some voters did split tickets for Trump and a Democrat - just not very much inSenate races. In Pennsylvania, Democrats swept statewide races for attorneygeneral, auditor and treasurer, all receiving more votes than Clinton orMcGinty.In the North Carolina governor's race, Democrat Roy Cooper is leading and likelyto be declared the winner. He received 180,000 more votes than the party'sSenate nominee, Deborah Ross.That's the margin between winning and losing.