Hillary fense Fund Clinton 's Beat is honored the Odds Nov Celebration . 16during in the Washington Children' . s De-During Donald Trump's successful White House campaign, his massive crowdschanted, "Lock her up. Lock her up."What he didn't say was that, as president, he would not have the authority toappoint a special prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton, much less jail her,as Trump threatened during a debate. That's the jurisdiction of the U.S. JusticeDepartment, which is supposed to work outside the influence of politics.Now that he's won the election, the president-elect appears to be sending asignal to Congress and perhaps even his incoming attorney general that it's nolonger politically beneficial to try to prosecute the former Democraticpresidential nominee.Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway told MSNBC that the president-elect hopesCongress will forgo further investigations of Clinton. "I think when thepresident-elect, who's also the head of your party, tells you before he's eveninaugurated that he doesn't wish to pursue these charges, it sends a very strongmessage, tone and content to the members" of Congress, Conway told MSNBC'sMorning Joe."He was brilliant in neutralizing the harsh negative attitudes towards himselfby making Hillary Clinton equally distasteful," said Larry Jacobs, apresidential historian at the University of Minnesota. "Now he's shedding itonce in office because it would hurt him."The belief among Trump's supporters that Clinton was a criminal who would end upin jail was a powerful message in a campaign defined by harsh personal attacksmore than policy differences. Republican strategists said Trump was neverserious about putting his political opponent behind bars. "To Donald Trump, itwas more a chant to get her out of government," said Brad Blake-man, a formersenior staff member to President George W. Bush. Indeed, legal experts hadwarned that, only under authoritarian regimes, can leaders unilaterally jailpolitical dissidents and opponents, and especially not under the United States'carefully constructed democratic system of checks and balances and separation ofpowers.Trump may risk angering some of his most enthusiastic backers, many of whomangrily taunted Clinton's motorcade with signs reading "Lock her up" in campaignstops across the country. Judicial Watch, a group that's pursued manyinvestigations and lawsuits against the Clintons, responded with dismay to thenews. "If Mr. Trump's appointees continue the Obama administration's politicizedspiking of a criminal investigation of Hillary Clinton, it would be a betrayalof his promise to the American people to 'drain the swamp' of out-of-controlcorruption in Washington," Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton said in astatement.The investigation of Clinton's private email server was an outgrowth of aspecial House committee to investigate the terror attacks in 2012 in Benghazi,Libya. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy credited the inquiry with drivingdown Clinton's poll ratings. The strategy became increasingly effective asRepublicans built up expectations that Clinton would be indicted by the FBI.Director James Comey, a Republican, determined that "no reasonable prosecutor"would press criminal charges based on the evidence. While Clinton enjoyed asizable lead in head-to-head polls, Republicans cried foul, and Trump ramped uphis complaints of a "rigged system.""The investigation itself came out of a political atmosphere," said JulianZelizer, a presidential expert at Princeton University. "It was just trumped upduring the campaign itself. Obviously, some of his supporters might be angrybecause they believed that chant. If he moves on to other issues, they will aswell."During the campaign, Trump threatened Clinton repeatedly with furtherinvestigation of her use of a private e-mail server as well as the fundraisingpractices of the Clinton Foundation. During one of their debates, Trump toldher, "If I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a specialprosecutor to look into your situation further."After the election, Trump signaled he would not pursue Clinton or her husband,former president Bill Clinton. "I don't want to hurt them," Trump said thismonth on CBS' 60 Minutes. "They're good people. I don't want to hurt them."During her MSNBC interview Tuesday, Conway said Clinton "still has to face thefact that a majority of Americans don't find her to be honest or trustworthy,"and "if Donald Trump can help her heal, then perhaps that's a good thing to do."Jacobs, the historian, said calling off congressional investigators is "theright thing to do" for Trump. "Donald Trump doesn't want to enter office withthe lowest approval rating of any president in history, and he's got to find away to get out from underneath the acrimony of the campaign and at least get alittle honeymoon," he said. "The opening few weeks have been rocky."Contributing: David Jackson