Over the past several weeks, the lawyers who filed a class action lawsuit infederal court against the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and former chairDebbie Wasserman Schultz for rigging the primaries have awaited a ruling on theDNC lawyers' motion to dismiss the suit. But Bernie Sanders supporters' claimthat the DNC and Wasserman Schultz violated their charter and undermineddemocracy to ensure Hillary Clinton's coronation was only strengthened afterClinton lost to one of the most unpopular presidential candidates in recenthistory.The narrative propagated by the DNC, Wasserman Schultz and the mainstream mediathat Democrats were completely united behind Clinton turned out to be a myth.Based on exit polls, 9 percent of Democrats voted for Trump. Thousands ofSanders supporters wrote their man in as their choice for president. In Vermont,Sanders placed third as a write-in candidate, with over 18,000 voters. Thoughthe write-ins for Sanders and votes for Green Party candidate Jill Stein didn'tadd up to enough to sway the election for Clinton, voter turnout in counties andswing states previously won by Barack Obama are a result of the overconfidenceand hubris of the Clinton campaign, who assumed that it was "her turn."The class action lawsuit against Wasserman Schultz and the DNC presents anopportunity for Sanders supporters to receive vindication and recognition thattheir candidate's path to the nomination was subverted in favor of theDemocratic Party establishment's preferred candidate.The data strongly suggests Sanders would have won in a general election againstTrump, as his economic populism rivaled Trump's. Meanwhile Clinton's focus ondonors and establishment support backfired in states where resentment toward thestatus quo has increased under Obama's presidency. Millennials, which Obamadepended upon to turn out and vote for him in 2008 and 2012, didn't show up forClinton at the polls. They were Sanders' strongest demographic of supporters.And Sanders' grassroots campaign and core of volunteers on the ground could havechallenged the regions Clinton lost due to a combination of overconfidence andnegligence (according to her own staff). Obama won these place due to a similargrassroots campaign effort.Clinton embraced the reality TV qualities of Trump's campaign, such as the feudbetween Mark Cuban and Trump. Trump was a billionaire, so she would get her ownwho backed her-and hated Trump. Turns out that Cuban-Trump feud was inauthentic,as Cuban was recently seen meeting with Trump's Chief Strategist Stephen Bannon.The focus on Trump's squabbles and crazy speeches lessened the critical eye onClinton; Sanders would have tried to steer focus towards the important issues.After Clinton partisans denigrated Sanders for being "ridiculous" for refusingto fall in line behind Clinton, and asserting the primaries were rigged, Clintonsupporters are now pushing for a movement to audit the election results in threeswing states. Sanders supporters have actual evidence to corroborate theirclaims. The New York Times' Nate Cohn has debunked many of the arguments drivingthe Clinton supporters' claims that the general election results don't add up.WikiLeaks emails revealed Wasserman Schultz used her position to develop the DNCinto an extension of the Clinton campaign, while staff worked behind the scenesto attack Sanders. Emails from Clinton campaign chair John Podesta revealed they had a say in DNC staff decision-making, helped plan the Democratic NationalConvention, and developed strategies for the DNC to implement for the solebenefit of Clinton. DNC interim chair Donna Brazile was exposed as having helpedthe Clinton campaign cheat before CNN debates.Documents released by hacker Guccifer 2.0 revealed that Clinton was referred toas the nominee, and her victory was treated as a certainty in DNC documentsbefore the primaries even began. The DNC and Wasserman Schultz, obligated toneutrality per the DNC charter, violated that neutrality, acting as aperformance-enhancing drug that boosted Clinton's candidacy in the primaries.Whether Clinton would have won anyway can only be speculated, but the evidencethat democracy was subverted in order to help Clinton beat Sanders isoverwhelming.Disclosure: Donald Trump is the father-in-law of Jared Kushner, the publisher ofObserver Media.