Libertarian: The Press Is Normalizing Neo-NazisAt Reason.com, David Harsanyi asks: "Why does the March for Life, a rally thatattracts tens of thousands of anti-abortion Americans to Washington, DC, everyyear, get less prominent media coverage than a fringe neo-Nazi gathering?" Hisanswer: mutual benefit. The media use the outrage to boost ratings. Theneo-Nazis, meanwhile, get a boost from the visibility. This doesn't mean weshould pretend they don't exist, Harsanyi says, or that their ideas aren'tnoxious: "We have a responsibility to use morally precise language whenreferring to this group (which, in this case, is the neo-Nazi group);contextualize their influence (which is little but more than it should be); andunequivocally call them out. We should never, ever glamorize them for politicalpurposes."Elections expert: GOP's Demographic ChallengeAfter the GOP's drubbing in 2012, the party conducted an "autopsy" to determinewhat went wrong. That report recommended, among other things, a lessantagonistic posture toward immigrants and minorities. Yet, writes StuRothenberg at The Washington Post, Republicans "nominated a 70-year-old whiteman" who then "spent his campaign criticizing Mexico, Mexicans and Americans ofHispanic ancestry." And he won. So does this mean the autopsy was wrong? Not sofast. "Even with Trump's victory, the nation's demographic shift continued," hewrites. "Whites constituted 70 percent of all voters earlier this month, downfrom 72 percent in 2012, 74 percent in 2008, 77 percent in 2004 and 81 percentin 2000." The autopsy, then, "was not amiss in urging party strategists toremember that demographic changes are afoot."From the right: Dems Aren't the Party of FDR AnymoreIf Republicans should heed 2016's demographic warning, Democrats should heed thegeographic one, Noah Rothman points out at Commentary. The left's rage againstthe Electoral College misses a key point: "What the results of the 2016presidential election should be communicating to Democrats is that they need amore efficient geographic allocation of their vote share, and that meansrecreating a more robust coalition of voters." Their focus on the fact thatHillary Clinton won the popular vote, by contrast, is leading them to misreadthe electorate - and their own belief in being the party of FDR: "ThatDemocratic Party was a party of productivity, not dependency. It was a party ofdisparate cultural and intellectual traditions, not homogeneity."From the left: Pelosi Must Plan for SuccessionHouse Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, notes Jonathan Bernstein at Bloomberg, hasmaintained her power despite losing because "party leadership choices are aboutinternal congressional politics, not electoral politics, and by all accounts shehas been first rate at managing the Democratic coalition." Yet, says Bernstein,"new blood is needed to lead the Democrats." Meanwhile, Pelosi is 76 - and thesecond- and third-ranking House Democrats, Steny Hoyer and Jim Clyburn, are 77and 76, respectively. Meaning Pelosi & Co. need to think about a successionplan: They "should be angling now to find a new leader who can represent theDemocrats as well as the current leader has."Foreign-policy wonk: The Fragile Iran Nuke DealAmid the talk of Donald Trump possibly killing the Iran nuclear deal, the truthis he could also just let it die. Suzanne Maloney, a foreign-policy seniorfellow at the Brookings Institution, notes that Trump will "have his pick ofcoercive economic measures to wield against Iran, with nearly three dozen billscirculating in Congress penalizing Tehran for its missile program, regionalpower projection and human-rights abuses. New sanctions could stymie Iran'sefforts to attract foreign investment and rebuild trade ties with Europe andAsia." And those sanctions bills could "prompt Tehran to abrogate the deal." Yetthe deal's supporters should accept their role in the deal's fragility: "TheAmerican commitment to the JCPOA hangs from the narrow thread of executiveauthority: the president's power to temporarily waive or suspend economicsanctions on Iran." - Compiled by Seth Mandel