HIGHLIGHT: Shares of the coffee chain Starbucks fell after the company saidHoward Schultz would step down as its chief executive in April.United States markets were mixed on Friday as shares of real estate and phonecompanies rose. Bank stocks slipped after a huge rally over the last few weeks.Bond prices rose after a string of steep declines, sending yields lower.KEEPING SCORE In early afternoon trading, the Dow Jones industrial average wasdown 0.2 percent, and the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was down 0.05percent. The Nasdaq composite index rose 0.03 percent.JOBS DATA Employers added a solid 178,000 jobs in November, nearly matching theaverage monthly gains this year. The unemployment rate also fell to a nine-yearlow of 4.6 percent. The figures have cemented market expectations that theFederal Reserve will raise interest rates again this month. A very weak jobsreport would have been the last thing that might have stopped the Fed fromraising rates.BONDS Bond prices, which had been falling sharply since the presidentialelection, rose in midday trading. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to2.38 percent from 2.45 percent. That helped utility and real estate companies,which are often compared to bonds because of their big dividend payments. Whenbond yields fall, those stocks become more appealing to investors seekingincome. Shares of Public Storage rose 1.1 percent, and Exelon stock rose 2.4percent.BOWING OUT Starbucks shares slid 1.9 percent after the company said HowardSchultz would step down as chief executive in April. He will remain chairman ofthe company, and Starbucks said he would focus on new ideas, like high-endshops. The company's president and chief operating officer, Kevin Johnson, willbecome chief executive.BANKS Charles Schwab stock declined 2.2 percent and shares of Citigroup fell 1.7percent as bank stocks moved lower. The S.&P. 500 index of financial stocks isat its highest price since 2008 and is up 14 percent since the presidentialelection.SMITH & WESSON FALLS Shares of the firearms maker Smith & Wesson gave up 11.5percent after the company's quarterly guidance disappointed investors.RETAIL Shares of the discount retailer Five Below rose 12.4 percent after thecompany said it was off to a strong start this holiday season. That helped thestock rebound from losses over the last week. Also rising were shares of AscenaRetail, the parent of Ann Taylor, Maurices and Dressbarn, which gained 22.2percent. Gap shares lost 2.5 percent after the company reported weak sales inNovember. That included sluggish results for Old Navy, its best-performingbusiness in recent years.WORKDAY SLIDES The human resources software company Workday gave a weakforecast. Aneel Bhusri, the chief executive, said some customers had delayedcompleting large deals, partly because of "global uncertainties such as Brexit,the U.S. presidential election and pending elections" in other industrializedcountries. Workday's stock tumbled 11.9 percent.EUROPEAN MARKETS In Germany, the DAX edged down 2 percent, and in France, theCAC 40 lost 0.7 percent. The FTSE 100 closed down 0.3 percent in Britain.ENERGY Benchmark United States crude oil gained 31 cents, to $51.37 a barrel onthe New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, the standard for pricinginternational oils, rose 22 cents to $54.16 a barrel in London. Oil pricesjumped 13 percent over the last two days after OPEC countries agreed to trimproduction.ASIAN SCORECARD The Nikkei 225 declined 0.5 percent in Japan, while in HongKong, the Hang Seng lost 1.4 percent. The Shanghai composite index dropped 0.9percent in China. The Kospi lost 0.7 percent in South Korea. In Australia, theS.&P./ASX 200 fell 1 percent.CURRENCIES The euro rose slightly, to $1.0659, while the dollar fell 0.3 percentto 113.65 yen.