HIGHLIGHT: The new American foreign policy seems to be to tell allies they"should go and love yourself."Sofia, Bulgaria - It seems no matter what happens with American politics, the19th-century French thinker Alexis de Tocqueville has something to say about it.In his classic "Democracy in America," he suggested that democratic politics wasin need of drama; as an election nears, "intrigues become more active, agitationmore lively and more widespread. The entire nation falls into a feverish state."But, once the election has passed, "everything becomes calm, and the river, onemoment overflowed, returns peacefully to its bed."We can all agree that the first part describes exactly what happened in 2016 -because, whatever we think about this particular race, it was merely ahyperbolic version of the usual democratic process. During an election period,candidates frame the normal as catastrophic while promising that all calamitiescan somehow be overcome. Democratic politics might be interpreted as anationwide therapy session in which voters are confronted with their worstnightmares - demographic collapse, economic meltdown, environmental disaster, anew war - but are persuaded that they have the power to stave off thedevastation.When the elections are over, the world magically returns to its status quo. Andeven if it doesn't, people will do their best to believe otherwise. Followingthe initial shock of Donald J. Trump's victory, both friends and foes willdowngrade the significance of what has transpired. The same people who portrayeda Trump victory as apocalyptic will come to see it as business as usual.The risk is that, this time, we're not returning to business as usual.Irrespective of the policies that the president-elect will adopt, Mr. Trump'svictory will have profound political repercussions in the United States andabroad. It is a global regime change. Indeed, the fall of the Berlin Wall mightbe a useful analogue for the present moment: Nov. 9, 2016, could become no lessconsequential than Nov. 9, 1989. And in their panic and disorientation, liberalelites now are not much different from Communist elites then.The significance of Mr. Trump's victory goes far beyond the defeat of HillaryClinton. Mr. Trump has buried the liberal narrative of what happened after theCold War. A period that only yesterday was hailed as the liberation of peoplesis now understood as the liberation of the elites, and the unleashing of chaoticworld forces that only an American strongman can contain. Even if Trumpsupporters become disillusioned with the president-elect and his policies, hisrejection won't inspire a return to the rhetoric or the policies of the 1990s.In the same way that Mikhail Gorbachev's efforts to reform the Communist systemupended the assumptions on which his system was based, Mr. Trump's victory makeswhat was common sense yesterday unintelligible today. Who will stand ready toclaim that globalization still connotes freedom and prosperity for all and thatdemocracy means respect for minority rights when Americans - in the eyes of theworld the greatest beneficiaries of globalization and traditional advocates ofhuman rights - voted unambiguously that the system is broken?Trump's victory is also a powerful statement that anti-populism, the attempt ofelites to play on people's anxieties of a reckless and unpredictablepopulist-inspired reality, is no longer the way to win elections. In fact, theword "elite" today may be the dirtiest word in the popular vocabulary.His victory makes clear that we live in a moment when the fear of an uncertainfuture is a weaker mobilizing force than a disgust with the present. It signalsthat threatened majorities have emerged as a major force in Western democraticpolitics. These majorities fear that foreigners are taking over their countriesand threatening their way of life, and they are convinced that the currentcrisis is brought on by a conspiracy between cosmopolitan-minded elites andtribal-minded immigrants.The Trump effect will be felt differently around the world, but its impact maybe most powerful in Europe. Mr. Trump's victory not only emboldens populistleaders and parties in Europe; it puts the future of the European Union inquestion. Since World War II, when it comes to security, Europe has beenAmerica's protectorate; no longer does that seem to be the case.In 1989, Mr. Gorbachev announced his Sinatra Doctrine, the idea that everycountry in the Soviet bloc could go its own way and that Moscow would refrainfrom intervention. Over the course of his campaign Mr. Trump was maddeninglyvague about concrete policies, but he did suggest what I might call the "BieberDoctrine" - that America would no longer see its allies' security problems asits own. "And if you think that I'm still holdin' on to something," JustinBieber sings, "You should go and love yourself.""Go and love yourself" is essentially Mr. Trump's message to his Europeanallies. The preservation of the European Union is no longer the priority nor theobjective of American foreign policy.Moreover, the irony of Mr. Trump's effect on global politics is that his victoryhas liberated the world from the need to love, envy or hate America. It wasPresident Obama who dared to suggest that America is not exceptional, but it isthe election of Mr. Trump that convinced the world that America's democracy isnot different from ours. It can also be chaotic and dangerous.It's reported that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia instructed his defenseminister, Sergei K. Shoigu, that if he wanted to understand how America worked,the only thing he needed to do was watch the Netflix series "House of Cards."The American president-elect would most likely agree. Which means, perhaps, thatde Tocqueville is no longer required reading on American politics. Instead, justwatch Frank Underwood.Ivan Krastev is the chairman of the Center for Liberal Strategies, a permanentfellow at the Institute for Human Sciences in Vienna and a contributing opinionwriter.