More than 250 college and university presidents nationally and in Pennsylvaniahave signed a statement hoping to save a program that has enabled childrenbrought to the U.S. illegally to avoid deportation while pursuing work andeducation.The potential fate of those undocumented immigrant students has roiled campuseswhere fears are running high that President-elect Donald Trump, who campaignedon deporting illegal immigrants, will undo the 4-year-old Obama administrationinitiative once he takes office in January.The Pennsylvania signers include Penn State University president Eric Barron,University of Pittsburgh chancellor Patrick Gallagher, Carnegie MellonUniversity president Subra Suresh, University of Pennsylvania president AmyGutmann, Temple University president Richard Englert, Allegheny Collegepresident Richard Mullen, and Dickinson College president Neil Weissman.Campus leaders say the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program hasproduced "exemplary student scholars and student leaders" who have benefited theinstitutions and the communities where they live.Signers of the statement say the students have pursued instruction and work inareas from education and high-tech to law and medicine."They are actively contributing to their local communities and economies," thestatement says."To our country's leaders we say that DACA should be upheld, continued andexpanded," the statement continued. "We are prepared to meet with you to presentour case. This is both a moral imperative and a national necessity."America needs talent -and these students, who have been raised and educated inthe United States, are already part of our national community," the letteradded. "They represent what is best about America, and as scholars and leadersthey are essential to the future."The presidents called on their colleagues as well as business, civic, religiousand nonprofit sectors to add their voices to those trying to preserve and expandDACA.The DACA program has become a flash point in a broader debate about the nation'sborders that drove rhetoric and emotion during the presidential election.President Barack Obama created DACA through an executive order in 2012. Underthe program, children who arrived in the U.S. before their 16th birthday meetingresidency and other requirements have been able to come forward, and in doingso, could receive temporary, renewable work permits and the prospect of pursuingtheir education without risk of deportation.Its supporters point to estimates of more than 700,000 people who have benefitedfrom DACA. But Republicans and others unhappy with the executive order haveargued that the effect was to shield undocumented individuals and hamper effortsto make the nation's borders less porous.Mr. Trump during his campaign suggested he would undo Mr. Obama's executiveorders. In an interview days after the election, the president-elect vowed tomove ahead quickly with deporting 2 million to 3 million undocumentedimmigrants, with a focus on criminals.The statement on DACA was organized by David Oxtoby, president of Pomona Collegein Claremont, Calif. It began circulating Monday.Another statement, this one an open letter from college administrators, facultyand staff, was also circulating this week, the online publication Inside HigherEd reported Wednesday. It said the open letter to Mr. Trump was organized byHerbert Medina, a mathematics professor and associate dean at Loyola MarymountUniversity in Los Angeles.The letter with more than 850 signatures says in part: "It pains us to think ofdenying the possibility of employment and exposing to deportation some of thestudents who sit in our classrooms, who play on our sports teams, who lead ourstudent governments, and who are siblings, classmates, friends, co-workers,boyfriends/girlfriends to millions of U.S. citizens."LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHNOTES: Bill Schackner: bschackner@post-gazette.com, 412-263-1977 and on Twitter:@BschacknerPGPUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper