Senators endorse  bidby congressman from Minnesota  to chair DNCIncoming Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) says he's backing aMinnesota congressman to lead the Democratic National Committee for a simplereason: because Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) likes him.Schumer, in an interview Friday, said he's supporting a bid by Rep. KeithEllison  to run the DNC because he has the backing of Sanders, a key liberalvoice in the Senate who also earned a spot this past week on Schumer's10-senator leadership team.Schumer is set to become the first New Yorker and first Jewish man to serve as aSenate leader and has been a staunch defender of Israel throughout his fourdecades in public service. Ellison has been an outspoken critic of Israel andits relationship with Palestinians.Earlier in his career, Ellison apologized for or withdrew a number ofcontroversial statements, including likening former president George W. Bush'sconsolidation of power after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks to the riseof Adolf Hitler, defending the leader of the Nation of Islam and labeling hisown 2012 reelection opponent a "lowlife scumbag."Some of those moves would seem to put him at odds with Schumer, his strongsupport for Israel and the strong support he enjoys from Jewish voters acrossNew York."I'm not worried about the Israel stuff even though he and I disagree," Schumersaid Friday when asked about Ellison's past statements.Schumer said that Ellison came highly recommended by Sanders. The two senatorshave known each other since they attended James Madison High School togetherwhile growing up in Brooklyn. (That same school also graduated Supreme CourtJustice Ruth Bader Ginsburg and former senator Norm Coleman (R-Minn.).)After the Democratic presidential primaries, which Sanders lost to HillaryClinton, "Bernie said we need an organizing tool. We can't win the wars,"Schumer said. "Our issues are right, although they should be bolder and moreprogressive, he would say, but we need organizing and not just duringpresidential campaigns. So we thought maybe the [Democratic Senatorial CampaignCommittee] should do some of that, assuming Hillary was going to win. When theDNC [chairman's job] opened up, he called me and said we need to make the DNCnot a fundraising and political organization but a true organizing tool. I said,you're exactly right."Whether that's exactly how it transpired may be up for dispute, but either way,Schumer, Sanders, outgoing Senate Minority Leader Harry M. Reid (Nev.) and othertop Democrats have quickly endorsed Ellison's bid.The DNC has yet to set a date for the chairman's election, which is expected tohappen  next year.Other Democrats in the running include former Vermont governor Howard Dean;Henry R. Muñoz III, the DNC's finance chairman; outgoing Labor Secretary TomPerez; and Rep. Ruben Gallego (Ariz.). Former Maryland governor Martin O'Malleysaid last week that will not run for the job.Party rules dictate that the DNC chairman must be a full-timer. Former chairmanDebbie Wasserman Schultz (Fla.) held the job on a part-time basis while servingin the House because President Obama appointed her to the job and, well,presidents get to break the party rules.Dean has cited the full-timer rule as a reason someone such as Ellison shouldn'tbe picked to serve. But Schumer said Friday that Ellison shouldn't need to stepdown from his House seat to lead the party."No, I don't believe that. He's a very good organizer, and I think Bernie willhave a lot of say in the DNC, which I welcome, and they will find good full-timeorganizers," Schumer said. "I said to [Ellison], the number one person youshould hire who is the executive director should be the best organizer we canfind, and he agreed."ed.okeefe@washpost.com