Nation better because of ObamaI was disheartened by the Nov. 28 editorialcartoon by Dave Granlund depicting two wrecking balls labeled "Trump" and "GOPCongress" about to figuratively demolish the Obama White House legacy. But onfurther reflection, I realized that much of President Obama's legacy isirrefutable and indestructible. When he took office in 2009, the Dow was below8000; two of the big-three auto makers were preparing to file for bankruptcy;and unemployment was almost 8 percent. As Obama leaves office, the Dow isclosing in on 20,000; the big-three auto makers are on solid footing; and theunemployment rate is 4.9 percent.In 2009, we were in the midst of a seemingly endless war in Iraq, which costthousands of U.S. military and Iraqi civilian lives. Today, we have assumed anadvisory role in Iraq. More Americans are covered by health insurance than atany time in our nation's history. But by far the most significant aspect of theObama legacy is having brought Osama bin Laden to justice with the guidance andadvice of then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. In spite of vile commentsregarding our president, Donald Trump has a very tough act to follow.|Chris Butto, Bryn Mawr, chris.butto@gmail.comDemocrats can't point fingersSincethe Democrats are railing about the systemic unfairness of the Electoral Collegeand the system in general being flawed, let them show by example. Eliminate thesuper delegates in their presidential nomination system and let the peopledecide who the Democratic nominee will be, instead of a bunch of politicalinsiders. Let all primaries be open to all the people of a state. Stop filinglawsuits to keep independents off the ballot. Stop using donations fromHollywood stars to run TV ads in Pennsylvania in an attempt to have Pennsylvaniaresidents vote the way Hollywood wants.Hillary Clinton decided that the little states and little people didn't matter.They were "deplorable." If the Democrats had their way, there would be a newElectoral College composed of Wall Street and Hollywood millionaires. But theDemocrats won't do a thing. Both parties are content with taking turns atrunning things and taking care of their friends when it's their turn. They carelittle about the country.|John F Belzner, West Chester, jfbelzner@aol.comCity streets are far fromsafeThe Vision Zero task force charged with improving traffic safety mustaddress the habits of drivers, pedestrians, and bicyclists alike, in addition tostreet design ("The road to ending car carnage," Nov. 25). In a single daydriving through Philadelphia streets, I was frightened by a driver running a redlight behind a pedestrian who was already halfway across the street; apedestrian in dark clothes crossing against the light at night without evenlooking up from his phone; and a couple of young boys doing wheelies in front ofmy car (also at night). An effective campaign to improve behavior and enforcedriving laws is a needed complement.|Ina Asher, Merion Station, lasher88@hotmail.comDon't ask me to restassuredRegarding State Rep. Kate Harper's letter ("The system will protect us,"Nov. 22) trying to assure us we have nothing to fear from a Trump presidencybecause we are a government of laws, and not of men: Slavery was legal. Jim Crowlaws were legal. Using prisoners as slaves is still legal. The internment ofAmerican citizens of Japanese and German ancestry was legal.Forgive me if I am not reassured.|Jules Mermelstein, Dresher, jules.mermelstein@gmail.com