One of Donald Trump's big advantages now is that he has so many awfulassociates. No matter what appointees he foists on us, there's always anotherpal who'd have been worse. If he names some federal land-grabbing oilman assecretary of the interior, people are going to sigh with relief and say, "Atleast it isn't Sarah Palin."And Reince Priebus - until a few days ago Priebus was just the head of theRepublican National Committee, a seriously unexciting guy with ahard-to-pronounce name. Then he got picked to be White House chief of staff atthe same time Steve Bannon, the loathsome alt-right cheerleader, was named chiefstrategy adviser. Everyone fell madly in love with Priebus, who was ... way lessbad.The whole world is watching the Trump transition - nine weeks and 3,998appointments to go! If you want to look on the bright side, remember thathowever horrific you feel about what's happening in Washington, Chris Christiefeels worse.Farewell, Chris Christie, farewell. We've said goodbye to his political careerso many times - Bridge-gate, the ever-plummeting New Jersey credit rating, thetime he chased a heckler down the boardwalk waving an ice cream cone. The doomedpresidential race. The humiliating stint standing behind Trump at newsconferences, looking as if he'd been hit on the head with a mallet.Tweets aside, we have heard from Donald Trump only once this week - not countingthe time he went to eat at the 21 Club in Manhattan and promised one of theother well-heeled diners a tax break. He was more expansive in a "60 Minutes"interview, clarifying his promise to "drain the swamp" if he was elected. Manypeople thought he was talking about lobbyists. But apparently it was just apassing reference to easing the regulations on inland wetlands.Meanwhile, somebody is promoting Ted Cruz's name for attorney general. Could itbe ... Ted Cruz? This is one potential nomination that would have no troublegetting confirmed, since the idea of getting Cruz out of the Senate wouldprobably corral a massive vote.The only person we know for sure is not going to be in the Trump Cabinet is BenCarson, who was briefly rumored as a possible head of the Department of Healthand Human Services. But Armstrong Williams, Carson's business manager, told TheHill that the politician-neurosurgeon had ruled that out. "Dr. Carson feels hehas no government experience, he's never run a federal agency," Armstrongexplained.The world stops briefly, and mulls that this man did feel equipped to run forpresident. Then the world moves on.Among the other potential candidates for secretary of state are John Bolton, theformer United Nations ambassador who is famous for hating the United Nations.Bolton actually makes Giuliani seem ... less awful. And there's always SarahPalin.