Following a morning of back-and-forth negotiations, Donald Trump sat down withthe journalists of The New York Times on Tuesday afternoon.After abruptly canceling and then rescheduling the sitdown with executives andjournalists of the Times, Trump arrived at the Manhattan headquarters for a12:30 p.m. ET meeting, which included a question-and-answer session that waslive-tweeted by the newspaper's reporters.Trump had requested the face-to-face but abruptly backed out of the sitdownearly Tuesday morning. "I cancelled today's meeting with the failing @nytimeswhen the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment.Not nice," he tweetedaround 6 a.m. ET. He also lamented how "they continue tocover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!"In response to Trump's series of tweets, the Times spoke with his team andagreed to reschedule the meeting on its original terms. The Times denied theymade any attempts to change the ground rules in a statementand later posted areportciting anonymous sources who said Reince Priebus, Trump's incoming WhiteHouse chief of staff, misinformed Trump about the meeting over fears about thequestions he might face.Priebus accompanied Trump on Tuesday, along with Trump's policy adviser StephenMiller, senior adviser Kellyanne Conway and spokeswoman Hope Hicks.Read more: Trump Cancels and Reschedules New York Times Meeting; Drops ClintonInvestigationUnlike Trump's Monday's meeting with the TV press, which was entirely off therecord, the Times meeting included an on-the-record Q&A session withpresidential campaign reporters, senior news editors and columnists. There willalso be an off-the-record session with the newspaper's publisher, ArthurSulzberger Jr.During the session, Trump fielded questions about his controversial appointmentof Steve Bannon as chief strategist and support of the alt-right, conflicts ofinterest between his family and business and the presidency, and his decision todrop any further investigations into Hillary Clinton's emails - something hisadministration also announcedTuesday morning.The Q&A, which concluded shortly after 2 p.m., was his most in-depth interviewsince being elected, as the president-elect has yet to hold the traditional newsconference that usually occurs within days of winning on Election Day.Footage on Twitter showed Trump leaving the Times lobby in Midtown to a mix ofcheers and boos. A crowd had gathered in hopes of seeing him arrive, though heentered through a private entrance. The group grew larger by the time he left.Trump leaves through NY Times lobby to a mix of cheers and boospic.twitter.com/zibvRzFFr4- Jonathan Lemire (@JonLemire) November 22, 2016Trumpgot booed after leaving his meeting with the Times. Reminder, the Times lobby ispublic https://t.co/tVUbva2TBcpic.twitter.com/gbMz0nC7yz- Colin Jones(@colinjones) November 22, 2016Read the live-tweetsfrom inside the Times newsroom below, pulled in reversechronological order.Our meeting with Trump is now over. Thanks for following along.- Maggie Haberman(@maggieNYT) November 22, 2016Trump gets asked about his commitment to firstamendment, says, "I think you'll be happy."- Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT)November 22, 2016"I would love to be the one who made peace with Israel and thePalestinians, that would be such a great achievement."- Mike Grynbaum(@grynbaum) November 22, 2016"I don't think we should be a nation-builder,"Trump says of the US role in the world.- Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) November22, 2016Trump on GOP leaders @McConnellPress& @SpeakerRyan: "Right now they'rein love with me. Four weeks ago, they weren't in love with me"- Julie Davis(@juliehdavis) November 22, 2016Donald Trump on The New York Times: "I do readit. Unfortunately. I'd live about 20 years longer if I didn't."- Mike Grynbaum(@grynbaum) November 22, 2016Asked point-blank about Nazi conference in DC overwknd: @realDonaldTrumptells @nytimes"of course" "I disavow and condemn them"-Julie Davis (@juliehdavis) November 22, 2016"I feel comfortable," Trump says ofadapting to the job.- Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) November 22, 2016"I thinkhe's looking to do absolutely the right thing for the country in terms oftransition," Trump says of Obama.- Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) November 22,2016'He did tell me what he thought were the biggest problems, in particular oneproblem," Trump says. Won't say what that was.- Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT)November 22, 2016"A lot of people are coming to his defense right now," Trumpsays of Bannon. Reince voices support too at conference table.- Maggie Haberman(@maggieNYT) November 22, 2016On Bannon:"If I thought he was a racist oralt-right or any of the things, the terms we could use, I wouldn't even thinkabout hiring him."- Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) November 22, 2016Trump onBannon: "I think it's very hard on him. I think he's having a hard time with it.Because it's not him."- Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) November 22, 2016Trump:"Breitbart is just a publication."- Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) November 22,2016Trump is asked about concerns from minority groups about Breitbart News'scoverage under Steve Bannon. His reply: pic.twitter.com/FBqCGwQpBr- MikeGrynbaum (@grynbaum) November 22, 2016Trump is pressed if he has definitivelyruled out prosecuting Hillary Clinton. "It's just not something that I feel verystrongly about."- Mike Grynbaum (@grynbaum) November 22, 2016"I don't want tohurt the Clintons, I really don't. She went through a lot and suffered greatlyin many different ways."- Mike Grynbaum (@grynbaum) November 22, 2016"I think itwould be very very divisive for the country," Trump says about prosecuting theClintons.- Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) November 22, 20162/2 "I think I willexplain it that we in many ways will save our country."- Maggie Haberman(@maggieNYT) November 22, 2016Tom Friedman asks if Trump will withdraw fromclimate change accords. Trump: "I'm looking at it very closely. I have an openmind to it."- Mike Grynbaum (@grynbaum) November 22, 2016Does Trump think humanactivity is linked to climate change? "I think there is some connectivity. Some,something. It depends on how much."- Mike Grynbaum (@grynbaum) November 22,2016Conflicts of interest? Trump says: "If it were up to some people, I wouldnever, ever see my daughter Ivanka again."- Mike Grynbaum (@grynbaum) November22, 2016Dean Baquet asks if Trump feels like he did things to energize thealt-right movement. "I don't think so, Dean," Trump replies.- Mike Grynbaum(@grynbaum) November 22, 2016Trump: "It's not a group I want to energize, and ifthey are energized, I want to look into it and find out why." (2/2)- MikeGrynbaum (@grynbaum) November 22, 2016"The African-American community liked me.They liked what I was saying," Trump says.- Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT)November 22, 2016"I'd rather do the popular vote," Trump says. "I think we'd doas well or better." Says he was "never a fan of the electoral college."- MaggieHaberman (@maggieNYT) November 22, 2016Trump is at NYT, says he has been treatedunfairly during campaign. Says he'd like to improve relationship,that it wouldmake his job easier- Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) November 22, 2016Trump on theexperience of the campaign: "It's been 18 months of brutality in a true sense."-Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) November 22, 2016Trump's remarks about NYT's"rough" coverage of him- "I've been treated very unfairly"- lasted about 4 min.Now onto reviewing the campaign.- Mike Grynbaum (@grynbaum) November 22,2016"You could make the case the Washington Post was bad, but every once inawhile I actually got a good article," Trump says.- Mike Grynbaum (@grynbaum)November 22, 2016"I have great respect for the New York Times. I have tremendousrespect," says Trump. "I think I've been treated very rough."- Mike Grynbaum(@grynbaum) November 22, 2016Trump is speaking in measured, quiet tones. "I willsay the Times is about the roughest of all," he says of NYT's coverage of hiscampaign.- Mike Grynbaum (@grynbaum) November 22, 2016Read more: Donald Trump Posts Video Outlining First 100 Days, Promises Cabinetof "Patriots"