NEW YORK -- Anxiety is high among many transgender Americans after the sweepingRepublican election victory. They fear stronger resistance to their push forcivil-rights protections, including broader access to public restrooms, andwonder if their newly won right to serve openly in the military is in jeopardy.Transgender people "are concerned for their safety, survival and legal rights inthe coming years," said Chase Strangio, an attorney with the American CivilLiberties Union who often works on transgender issues.Among the specific concerns:n Many transgender people expect that Republican President-elect Donald Trump'sadministration will abandon or weaken the efforts by President Barack Obama'sadministration to enable transgender students to use the bathrooms of theirchoice at public schools. Republican officials in numerous states have opposedthat campaign, saying schools should not be required to let such students usebathrooms or locker rooms based on their gender identity.n There are fears that more GOP-governed states will approve legislationlimiting transgender rights and will reject proposals to expand such rights.n There's uncertainty about the Pentagon's recently adopted policy of allowingtransgender people to serve openly in the military. Some conservative groups,including the Family Research Council and the Center for Military Readiness,have suggested a reversal of the policy. So has GOP Rep. Duncan Hunter ofCalifornia, who serves on the House Armed Services Committee."The question needs to be asked: Does this make our military more effective andmore lethal?" said Hunter's chief of staff, Joe Kasper. "It's hard to see how."Mara Keisling, executive director of the National Center for TransgenderEquality, was cautiously optimistic that the military's new policy wouldsurvive."I don't know if anything will happen, but we're certainly alert and ready tofight," she said. "Hopefully, good, smart people will prevail."More broadly, transgender-rights advocates have been dealing with an outpouringof dismay and apprehension in their community.Keisling's organization, for example, held a call-in session Friday to provideadvice to transgender people worried that changing their gender designation onfederal and state identity documents might become more difficult in the newpolitical environment.During the presidential campaign, Trump sent mixed signals about his approach totransgender rights.At one point, he said transgender celebrity Caitlyn Jenner could use whateverbathroom she preferred in one of his luxury buildings -- an offer Jenner latertook up at the Trump International Hotel and Tower in Manhattan. However, Trumphas declined to repudiate a divisive North Carolina law that restrictstransgender people's bathroom access. He has said such policy decisions shouldbe left up to the states.Since his election, Trump has not publicly addressed transgender issues, thoughhe did ease some concerns among gays and lesbians by saying that he consideredsame-sex marriage to be settled law. Transgender-rights activists remain wary,depicting Vice President-elect Mike Pence and some members of Trump's transitionteam as hostile to their causes.Jennifer Finney Boylan, a transgender author who teaches at Barnard College inNew York, said in an email that she fears conservatives will now seek to"isolate and marginalize transgender people" and make them feel separated fromthe broader gay rights movement.On the state level, transgender activists have taken heart that Republican NorthCarolina Gov. Pat McCrory, who incurred sharp criticism for signing a billlimiting transgender people's bathroom access, is trailing slightly instill-incomplete returns. Prospects for repealing the bill are uncertain,however, given continued GOP control of the legislature, and a similar billalready has been introduced in Texas.Republican Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick, who is president of the state Senate,listed what he called a "Women's Privacy Act" as one of his top 10 prioritieswhen the legislature reconvenes in January."A majority of Texans in both political parties and in every ethnic anddemographic group believe that women and girls should have privacy and safety intheir restrooms, showers and locker rooms," Patrick said. "Unfortunately,legislation is necessary to assure that they do."Another proposed Texas bill would overturn nondiscrimination ordinancesprotecting LGBT people at the local level. Dallas, Austin and Fort Worth areamong the cities with such protections.Shannon Minter, a transgender man who is legal director of the SanFrancisco-based National Center for Lesbian Rights, said many transgendercivil-rights gains of recent years are based on federal statutes and courtprecedents that cannot be quickly undone. However, he expressed dismay at thewillingness of some conservatives to target transgender people with so-calledbathroom bills."Like others in our country, transgender people want to be able to live safely,to be able to work and have access to decent health care, and to be able to livewith dignity," Minter said in an email. "We don't want to be in the crosshairsof a trumped-up culture war."Sunday's Transgender Day of Remembrance, an annual commemoration of transgenderpeople who have been killed in bias-related homicides, added to the community'ssomber mood. According to the National Coalition of Anti-Violence Programs, 23transgender or gender-fluid people have been homicide victims in the U.S. so farthis year, one more than the coalition tallied in all of 2015. Nearly all wereblack or Latina transgender women.Some activists fear that violence could worsen in the aftermath of the election.Dana Beyer, executive director of Gender Rights Maryland, said she isencouraging transgender people, and the parents of transgender youths, to moveto "safe spaces" -- cities and states with legal protections and a supportiveculture.Dru Levasseur, Transgender Rights Project director for the LGBT-rights groupLambda Legal, said postelection worries were particularly intense amongtransgender youths and immigrants, and transgender people of color."I've heard from many people that they feel scared and alone, but they are notalone, especially now," Levasseur said. "There is an army of smart lawyers andactivists who are committed to protecting them and fighting for them."According to a recent estimate by the Williams Institute at the UCLA School ofLaw, there are about 1.4 million transgender adults in the United States.