Nov. 20--Monica Pompeo, an Española native who now lives in Albuquerque,received plenty of grief while campaigning for Donald Trump. The election hasn'teased matters. Drivers have flashed her the middle finger over her "Hillary forprison" bumper sticker, she said, and last week she got a searing look from ashopper at a Whole Foods store while wearing her "Vets for Trump" button -- agift from a military veteran who appreciated her campaign efforts.Now she's got the holidays to think of."Thanksgiving could be kind of interesting," Pompeo said. She had planned tobring Champagne, but she's certain her extended family won't feel likecelebrating.Hundreds of reports of hate-filled incidents have emerged throughout the nationfollowing Republican Trump's surprising presidential victory Nov. 8 overDemocrat Hillary Clinton, from Trump supporters harassing Muslims toanti-Semitic graffiti being scrawled on walls. But the post-election tensionalso is unfolding in more subtle ways: severe looks, uncomfortable conversationsamong friends and family members, and ire over continued displays of support fora candidate.Alexis Deneau of Santa Fe said her car was egged two days after the election,and she believes it was because her vehicle sported a Bernie Sanders magnet. ACorrales woman said she was harassed for wearing a safety pin -- what she calleda quiet way of saying "you're safe with me" to people who might be feelingfearful.Such is America in the wake of one of the nastiest presidential campaigns inmemory and an election that has left lingering shock and a fracturing ofcivility in many corners of society. The tension has prompted schools andgovernment agencies to send out messages to students, parents and employees withguidance on how to navigate the range of emotions and hostilities being felt byboth Clinton and Trump supporters.Last week, Santa Fe Public Schools Superintendent Veronica García held a newsconference to ease concerns of immigrant children. She announced efforts to keepthem safe in schools, such as a new hotline to report bullying, and ensuredstudents that attending school puts them at no risk of deportation. The districtdoesn't collect information on their immigration status, she said.Archbishop John C. Wester of the Archdiocese of Santa Fe issued a statementFriday in support of immigrants and others who might feel targeted, and heencouraged all Catholics to practice "deliberate civility."Tricia Veech, a licensed therapist in Santa Fe, offered similar advice to peoplewho are anxious about upcoming holiday gatherings with friends and family whohold opposing views: Keep conversations polite rather than political. "Beprepared to talk about things you have in common," she said, such as sharedmemories, and have compassion.Veech has been helping many clients cope with anxiety about the election'soutcome. She encourages them to stay connected with like-minded people, takecare of themselves and avoid social media. That's where some of the worstthreats and insults are being hurled among loved ones, the kind of words thatmight not have been spoken in the past. "Social media has changed the norms,"Veech said.But she believes much of the bitterness and distress will pass. "People cope,"she said. "We'll cope with this as much as anything."In the days since Trump soared to a victory over Clinton, social media siteshave filled with the signals of post-election fury: images of racist graffitiand personal accounts of harassment, intimidation and assaults targeting LatinAmerican immigrants, Muslims, members of the LGBT community, black people andwomen. A Muslim student at The University of New Mexico reported that a manwearing a Trump shirt tried to remove her hijab. The Alabama-based SouthernPoverty Law Center has collected more than 700 reports like this, including over200 targeting immigrants. About half a dozen were from New Mexico.Most of the incidents occurred within the first three days after the election, asign that tensions might be beginning to ease.But Trump's opponents say his victory has given some of his supporters a licenseto unleash their hate, and this could have a lasting effect.Darin Benally, a Farmington resident, told The New Mexican that young, white menhave been terrorizing Hispanics and Native Americans in the city for at leastthe past year. He's witnessed the violence. Many of the men meet downtown onweekend nights, waving Confederate flags, he said. He fears Trump's presidencywill encourage them. "I think it's gonna give them more freedom."Trump supporters also have faced threats and physical attacks, and thousands ofprotesters have taken to the streets to denounce Trump's presidency -- includingin Santa Fe and Albuquerque, and on college campuses throughout New Mexico.Vandals defaced buildings and artwork on the UNM campus with anti-Trumpgraffiti.Luke Armijo of Albuquerque says some "sore-losing Democrat" wrote "traitor" onthe Donald Trump sign in his yard -- Armijo believes it was because he isHispanic. During the presidential campaign, Trump called undocumented immigrantsfrom Mexico murderers and rapists, drawing the ire of Hispanics in New Mexicoand throughout the nation. But Armijo isn't Mexican, and he isn't apologizingfor his vote."I want change and therefore voted for it," he said in a Facebook post.Pompeo, the Trump supporter from Albuquerque, had hoped to continue holding hercampaign signs at busy intersections to show her support for thepresident-elect, but now she's not so sure. "I don't want to be attacked," shesaid.Santa Fe appears to have avoided the most brutal types of encounters. Citypolice spokesman Greg Gurulé said officers haven't had any reports of threats orviolence tied to the election. Nor have Santa Fe County deputies seen suchactivity, sheriff's office spokesman Juan Ríos said.Still, residents here say incidents have left them shaken."People who are angry are coming out of the woodwork," said Ziggy Prothro ofSanta Fe.On Election Day, her husband had to flee from a man who came running at his car,yelling "Jail the bitch," after seeing his pro-Clinton bumper stickers. Prothropeeled the stickers off the car.Kristen Rushing, who lives in Eldorado, said she posted a notice on Facebookabout a meeting planned Sunday at the Center for Progress and Justice to discussways to move forward after the election. Another resident demanded that shedelete the announcement and threatened to report her to the FBI. Rushing saidshe felt bullied and a little unsafe.Rushing also is uneasy about the holidays. Some Trump-supporting family membersare coming for a weeklong visit."I think we'll just have to make a deal that we don't talk about politics atall," she said.The New Mexican's Rebecca Moss contributed to this report.Contact Cynthia Miller at 505-699-5655 or cmiller@sfnewmexican.com___ (c)2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe NewMexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by TribuneContent Agency, LLC.