HIGHLIGHT: Some of state's best historical ideas for achieving equity remain thebest way forward.Before former DFL state Rep. Doug Peterson retires from the presidency of theMinnesota Farmers Union at year's end - and before the F (for Farmer) in DFLfades into oblivion - I invited him to offer a few pointers on how to keep thisstate from splitting into warring metro and rural political tribes.Peterson agreed to meet at a Twin Cities restaurant that obtains vittles fromregional farms. That befits the founder of my favorite State Fair food event,Minnesota Cooks, the tastiest illustration I know of the enduringinterdependence of Greater and metro Minnesotans.I'd barely landed in my seat when he started schooling me on his party'sfailures in the Nov. 8 election."The Democrats didn't have a message for rural people!" an animated Petersonsaid. "They didn't feel they had to come to the rural areas and talk to us! Youcan't win elections in Minnesota without rural people!"Actually, Hillary Clinton just demonstrated that a candidate can get trounced inrural Minnesota and still carry the state. But this election also showed thatthe DFL cannot hold majorities in the Legislature with a statewide victory asskewed to the Twin Cities, Rochester and Duluth as Clinton's was.Democrats didn't just lose by a little in Greater Minnesota. They saw a massivevoter exodus. Some telling numbers, courtesy of DFL vote tally wizard BrianRice: Clinton chalked up 457,000 votes in Greater Minnesota's 80 counties,compared with President Obama's 609,000 in 2012. That's the lossof one of every four voters who favored the Democratic candidate for presidentfour years ago.Further: Seven of the eight state Senate seats that switched from DFL to GOPcontrol were in Greater Minnesota - while two suburban seats that Republicanshad held switched to the DFL.Political scientists might call that a rural realignment to the Republicans. ButMinnesota's quirky fascination with third-party candidates complicates theanalysis. Donald Trump got 83,000 more votes in Greater Minnesota in 2016 thanRepublican candidate Mitt Romney did in 2012 - and third-party candidates got70,000 more than their ilk did four years ago. Those third-party voters arebound to figure prominently into both parties' designs in 2018 and beyond.DFLers were banking on gains in the suburbs, where Clinton polled well all year,and where Trump scored 80,000 fewer votes than Romney had. They didn'tanticipate the hemorrhaging outstate. Quite a few of them seem baffled about whythat happened, let alone about how they might reverse the red tide.Peterson's view of the rural political landscape isn't as foggy. That may bebecause he still lives on the farm near Madison on which he was raised, andpolitics rivals agriculture as the family enterprise. His father, HarryPeterson, spent 10 years in the state House; Doug followed 15 years later andserved for 12 years, and his son Aaron Peterson was elected in 2002 and put insix years."Rural people feel that their economic opportunity has been taken away,"Peterson said. That sense has grown after three successive years of lowcommodity prices and rising costs in the individual health insurance market."There's a sense that economic justice isn't reaching us."In response, he said, his party's message should have been: "We're the party ofthe pocketbook." Instead, he said, Democrats in Washington pushed trade dealsand regulations that farm interests consider burdensome, and DFLers in St. Paulfailed to deliver property tax relief. Social issues carried too much weight."At some point, people form opinions that the Democrats aren't for us anymore.That's sad," he said - then quickly brightened. "At the same time, you end upwith an opportunity to find new leadership."I had the sense that Peterson would like to supply some of that leadership. Atage 68, he's younger than both the nation's president-elect and the state'ssitting governor. He made a brief foray into gubernatorial politics in 2010.But Peterson didn't suggest that his name should go on the lists we pundits keepof possible 2018 gubernatorial candidates. Instead, he offered to share theideas he presented in his farewell address at the state Farmers Union conventionon Nov. 19. His theme: State and national policies should be built on the notionof "a right to be rural" - that is, a right to public services of a qualitycomparable to those in the metro area, at a comparable cost.That notion is at the heart of the implicit promise DFLers made 45 years agowith the Minnesota Miracle - the use of the state's tax muscle to pool resourcesand distribute them to schools, cities and counties on the basis of needs-drivenformulas, not political whims. It's also embedded, though not as firmly, instate transportation funding formulas.These remain among Minnesota's best policy ideas. But their durability isthreatened by the resentments and political rivalry that have developed betweenGreater Minnesota and the metro area.Peterson's "right to be rural" ideas start with the basics - education andtransportation at an affordable tax price. They extend to available, affordablehealth care and broadband service. They include government support forsmall-business expansion in Greater Minnesota that's on par with what governmentmight do for a large employer in the Twin Cities.They touch on what looms as the touchiest rural-urban topic in coming decades,environmental protection. Peterson calls for an "equal voice" for rurallandowners and "common-sense management" of land and water resources, which hebalances by asking farmers to help "preserve our resources for futuregenerations."That kind of balancing of rural and urban interests used to happen within eachof Minnesota's two big political parties, each of which had a stake in both the80 outstate and seven metro counties. No matter which party came out on top inan election, residents on both sides of the then-narrower metro-rural divide hadsome confidence that their interests would be guarded by the winning party.Regrettably, that assurance has been lost in recent years. My guess is that anadvantage awaits the party that figures out how to provide it again.Lori Sturdevant, an editorial writer and columnist, is atlsturdevant@startribune.com