WASHINGTON -- Nearly three weeks after Election Day, Hillary Clinton's campaignsaid on Saturday that it would participate in a recount process in Wisconsinincited by a third-party candidate and would join any potential recounts in twoother closely contested states, Pennsylvania and Michigan.The Clinton campaign held out little hope of success in any of the three states,and said it had seen no ''actionable evidence'' of vote hacking that might taintthe results or otherwise provide new grounds for challenging Donald J. Trump'svictory. But it suggested it was going along with the recount effort to assuresupporters that it was doing everything possible to verify that hacking byRussia or other irregularities had not affected the results.In a post on Medium, Marc Elias, the Clinton team's general counsel, said thecampaign would take part in the Wisconsin recount being set off by Jill Stein,the Green Party candidate, and would also participate if Ms. Stein made good onher plans to seek recounts in Michigan and Pennsylvania. Mrs. Clinton lost thosethree states by a total of little more than 100,000 votes, sealing her ElectoralCollege defeat  by Mr. Trump.The Clinton campaign had assailed Mr. Trump during the election for refusing tosay he would abide by the results if he lost. On Saturday, Mr. Trump respondedto the campaign's decision to join the recount with a statement calling theeffort ''ridiculous'' and ''a scam by the Green Party.''He suggested that most of the money raised would not be spent on the recount.''The results of this election should be respected instead of being challengedand abused, which is exactly what Jill Stein is doing,'' Mr. Trump said.In Wisconsin, Mr. Trump leads by 22,177 votes. In Michigan, he has a lead of10,704 votes, and in Pennsylvania, his advantage is 70,638 votes.Mr. Elias suggested in his essay that the Clinton campaign was joining therecount effort with little expectation that it would change the result. But manyof the campaign's supporters, picking up on its frequent complaints of Russianinterference in the election, have enthusiastically backed Ms. Stein's efforts,putting pressure on the Clinton team to show that it is exploring all options.Mr. Elias used his essay to describe an intensive behind-the-scenes effort bythe campaign to look for signs of Russian hacking activity or otherirregularities in the vote count.Ms. Stein filed for a recount in Wisconsin on Friday afternoon, about an hourbefore the deadline. She has raised more than $5 million for the effort, whichwill now turn to Michigan and Pennsylvania, where there are deadlines in thecoming week.In his post, Mr. Elias sounded less enthusiastic than the recount's manysupporters. ''Because we had not uncovered any actionable evidence of hacking oroutside attempts to alter the voting technology,'' he wrote, ''we had notplanned to exercise this option ourselves.''He added, ''Now that a recount has been initiated in Wisconsin, we intend toparticipate in order to ensure the process proceeds in a manner that is fair toall sides.''If Ms. Stein pursues additional recounts, ''we will take the same approach inthose states as well,'' he wrote. But he noted that the ''number of votesseparating Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton in the closest of these states --Michigan -- well exceeds the largest margin ever overcome in a recount.''The Clinton campaign will not contribute financially to the effort, which hasbeen funded by small contributions. But it will pay to have its own lawyerspresent at the recount, campaign officials said.The Obama administration issued a statement to The New York Times on Friday inresponse to questions about intelligence findings related to Russianinterference in the election. In the statement, it said it had concluded thatthe election was free of interference.The administration issued a second statement on Saturday saying that ''thefederal government did not observe any increased level of maliciouscyberactivity aimed at disrupting our electoral process on Election Day.''Mrs. Clinton conceded the race to Mr. Trump early on Nov. 9, when it becameclear that he would have a large margin of victory in the Electoral College. Butas her lead in the popular vote has grown -- it now exceeds two million votes --her base has increasingly pressured her to challenge the results.That has been fueled in part by how aggressively the Clinton campaign spread theword of Russian involvement in the theft of emails from the Democratic NationalCommittee and from the personal account of John D. Podesta, the campaign'schairman. The campaign also charged that the Russians were behind fake newsabout Mrs. Clinton's health, among other stories -- a claim supported to someextent by recent studies.Some critics saw those accusations as an effort to shift the discussion frommistakes the Clinton campaign had made in taking on Mr. Trump.Mr. Elias's post offered a revealing look at how much time and energy thecampaign had spent in the past two weeks looking for evidence of Russian hackingor other irregularities, and how it had tried to keep those efforts secret.''Since the day after the election, we have had lawyers and data scientists andanalysts combing over the results to spot anomalies that would suggest a hackedresult,'' Mr. Elias wrote.''Most of those discussions have remained private, while at least one hasunfortunately been the subject of leaks,'' he wrote, a reference toconversations between Mr. Podesta and a group of experts that included J. AlexHalderman, a computer scientist with deep experience in the vulnerabilities ofvoting systems.Mr. Halderman recently put his own post on Medium, describing his suspicions andthe case for recounts. But even he doubted that the election result wouldchange.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/26/us/politics/clinton-camp-will-join-push-for-wisconsin-ballot-recount.html