A voting scandal of epic proportion tilted this election. The scam involvedmillions of people.No, I'm not talking about the recount the Clinton campaign joined in Wisconsinand may seek in Michigan and Pennsylvania. Hillary Clinton and her aides werecorrect before, when they said voting fraud is rare. The recounts won't changethe election's outcome. And after rightly criticizing Donald Trump for saying hemight not honor the election results, Clinton and her aides, who admit they haveno evidence of skulduggery, risk looking hypocritical.Neither am I talking about Trump's outlandish and baseless claim that millionsof noncitizens and dead people voted illegally. That's as absurd as hispre-election claims that the voting system was "rigged."Both distract from the real scandal, which is happening in plain sight. Millionsof would-be voters didn't participate because of obstacles designed todiscourage them. The hurdles were, thanks to a 2013 Supreme Court rulinginvalidating key parts of the Voting Rights Act, largely legal. And theyarguably suppressed enough minority voters to cost Clinton the election.Fourteen states had new voting restrictions in place for the first time in apresidential election, and 20 have had such restrictions put in place since2010, according to the Brennan Center for Justice, a group that opposes suchlaws. These include strict photo-ID requirements, cutbacks in early voting andnew restrictions on registration. Other states are resisting efforts that wouldmake voting easier with same-day, online and motor-voter registration.At the same time, the Leadership Conference Education Fund, a civil rightsgroup, found that counties previously covered by the Voting Rights Act haveclosed down at least 868 polling places. The closures (often without adequatenotice) disproportionately affect minority voters."We have across most states some significant element of voter suppression," saysZoltan Hajnal, a University of California at San Diego political scientistspecializing in voting rights. "Over time these have shrunk the electorate insignificant ways and tilted the electorate toward the Republican Party."The total number of would-be voters deterred is in the "millions," he said. "Ifyou were to superimpose the most liberal voting laws on all the states, it'squite likely we would have had a different winner" on Nov. 8.Though it's difficult to quantify the effect of voter suppression in 50 states,Hajnal reports in a new study that after Texas implemented a strict voter-IDlaw, Latino turnout dropped sharply between 2010 and 2014, and the gap betweenwhite and Latino turnout increased by 9.2 percentage points.Wisconsin adopted a tough photo-ID law, and in Milwaukee, where a large numberof African-Americans don't drive or have licenses, turnout declined in 2016 by41,000 compared with 2012, a 15 percent drop. Turnout was significantly lowerthan in 2004 and 2008 as well. The drop-off was steepest in the poorestprecincts."No matter how hard one tries to attribute this to lower voter interest in thiselection, the stark drop must be attributable to impact of the photo-ID rule,"argues Kristen Clarke, head of the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights UnderLaw.Elsewhere, suppression efforts have grown more brazen. After a federal appellatecourt knocked down North Carolina's voting restrictions because they targetedblack voters with "almost surgical precision," dozens of counties still cuthours for early voting, which minority voters use disproportionately.In Texas, similarly, officials disregarded parts of a federal appellate courtdecision limiting that state's voter-ID law. And in Pennsylvania, there werewidespread reports of election officials demanding that voters show IDs eventhough that state doesn't have such a law.In the short run, this makes tactical sense for Republicans. Democratic-leaningminority voters - African-Americans, Asian-Americans and particularly Latinos -are forecast to grow to a majority of the voting-eligible population atmidcentury, from 31 percent today. By suppressing this vote, the effect of thedemographic change can be delayed.The Trump administration seems to be fine with holding back the tide. The manpicked to be attorney general, Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama, has opposed evenlegal immigration. And, according to a report this week by Scott Shane of theNew York Times, Stephen Bannon, Trump's pick to be the top White Housestrategist, once mused to a co-worker that restricting voting rights ofAfrican-Americans might not be "such a bad thing."So let's not get distracted by Trump's fantastic claims of millions of illegalvotes, nor by Clinton's search for a voting-system cyberattack that even thecomputer scientist urging the recount says has "probably not" occurred. Focusinstead on the scandal that really is rigging American democracy.Dana Milbank is a columnist for Washington Post Writers Group.DanaMilbank