Wisconsin will begin a historic presidential recount next week and the statecould risk losing its ability to have its 10 electoral votes counted if itdoesn't meet key deadlines next month.Hitting a Dec. 13 deadline could be particularly tricky if Green Partypresidential nominee Jill Stein is able to force the recount to be conducted byhand, Wisconsin's top election official said.Stein and independent presidential candidate Roque "Rocky" De La Fuenteseparately filed recount requests late Friday, the last day they were able to doso. Stein received about 30,000 votes and De La Fuente about 1,500 out of 3million cast.One or both of them will have to pay for the recount because they lost by morethan 0.25 percent. The cost could top $1 million.Stein is also planning to ask for recounts in Michigan and Pennsylvania, whichhave deadlines next week. She has raised $5 million for the recounts in recentdays - more than she raised during her campaign leading up to the Nov. 8election.Wisconsin's recount will likely begin late next week, once the state has tallieda cost estimate and received payment from Stein's campaign, said Michael Haas,administrator of the Wisconsin Elections Commission.Recounts will be done by county boards of canvassers, which will likely have towork nights and weekends, Haas said.The push for a recount came as liberals raised fears about hacked votingmachines. Election officials and experts say they are unaware of any problemswith Wisconsin's vote tally.Republican Donald Trump edged out Democrat Hillary Clinton by some 27,000 votesin Wisconsin, becoming the first GOP presidential candidate to win the statesince 1984.Wisconsin's last statewide recount was in 2011 for a state Supreme Court seatand the outcome did not change. The recount showed Justice David Prosserdefeated challenger JoAnne Kloppenburg by 7,004 votes - a slightly tightermargin than the 7,316-vote victory he had in initial returns.That recount took more than a month. This one would have to happen more quicklybecause a federal law says states must complete presidential recounts within 35days of the election to ensure their electoral votes are counted. This year,that's Dec. 13."You may potentially have the state electoral votes at stake if it doesn't getdone by then," said Haas.A lawyer with Stein's campaign has said it wants the recount done by hand. Thatwould take longer and require a judge's order, Haas said.Perhaps the most important deadline is Dec. 19, when electors around the countrymust meet to cast their Electoral College votes, said Edward Foley, an expert inelection law at Moritz College of Law at Ohio State University."That is a hard deadline and if a state were to miss that deadline, it would betechnically in jeopardy of not having its electoral votes counted," he said.If the recount isn't complete by then, electors from Wisconsin could meet anywayand try to have their results sent to Congress by the time it counts the voteson Jan. 6, Foley said. Congress has wide latitude to decide how to count thestates' electoral votes.Political scientist Barry Burden, the director of the Elections Research Centerat the University of Wisconsin-Madison, said it would be extremely difficult tocomplete the recount on time. About twice as many votes were cast in thepresidential election as the 2011 Supreme Court race.In recounts, typically both candidates gain votes, in part because absenteeballots that weren't counted initially get tallied, he said. Some absenteeballots don't get counted on election day because they were damaged or had extramarks on them.Closing Clinton's gap of 27,000 votes is unlikely, Burden said. She would haveto win recounts in all three states to win the presidency - an even more remotepossibility.Wisconsin Assembly Majority Leader Jim Steineke, R-Kaukauna, called the move fora recount ridiculous, saying it would needlessly burden busy local officials."If your votes came in at 1 percent of the overall total of the vote, it doesn'tmake a lot of sense that you should be able to request a recount and put thewhole state through this," he said.He said he would consider legislation next year that would allow candidates toforce recounts only if they lost by a small margin.The Clinton and Trump campaigns have not commented on the recount effort."Jill Stein's decision to pursue a recount is absurd and nothing more than anexpensive political stunt that undermines Wisconsin's election process," MarkMorgan, the executive director of the state Republican Party, said in astatement.The call for a recount came as some questioned Trump's wins in Wisconsin,Michigan and Pennsylvania. But election experts noted the voting patterns inthose states were similar to the ones in other Midwestern states such as Iowaand Ohio.George Martin, who sits on the Green Party's coordinating committee, said Steinwas seeking the recount because of concerns about differences between the votesand exit polls, as well as worries that there could have been tampering withvoting machines."I want to be clear, there is no smoking gun," Martin said during a newsconference at Milwaukee's City Hall. "There's not something we're pointing (at)to say that 'this is wrong in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania.' What we aresaying is there is enough peripheral evidence to warrant that our system shouldbe investigated."Excess money raised for the recount will go to Green Party campaign schools nextyear "to groom local candidates," Martin said.De La Fuente said he was seeking the recount because he believed he had beencheated out of thousands of votes. He accused both major parties of cheating,but conceded he wasn't shorted enough votes to change the election results."Whoever cheats the most wins," he said. "The irony is they're both cheating."UW-Madison's Burden said hacking Wisconsin's voting machines would be extremelydifficult because they are not connected to the internet."They would have to go machine by machine around the state," he said of thosewho would try to manipulate the results.Hacking of election systems is a genuine concern, but the results would beunlikely to be affected, Burden said. A more realistic risk is that hackerscould steal personal information from voter rolls or deactivate theregistrations of voters, he said.