HIGHLIGHT: Here's what you need to know to start your day.Good morning.Here's what you need to know:A recount effort in the United States presidential election that began inWisconsin may extend this week to two more states narrowly lost by HillaryClinton.President-elect Donald J. Trump dismissed the effort as a "scam" and unleashed adaylong storm of Twitter posts, including asserting without evidence that hisshortfall in the popular vote was due to "millions of people" voting illegally.A Trump adviser assailed Mitt Romney, one the top candidates for secretary ofstate, as having gone "out of his way to hurt" Mr. Trump in the primaries._____Mr. Trump's business dealings around the globe are raising widespread concernsover conflicts of interest. One example: his business partnership with areal-estate developer named as the Philippines' special envoy to the UnitedStates.Well-placed American officials say the president-elect's focus on China may beshifting from a trade war to the need for help in addressing North Korea'sexpanding nuclear arsenal. Experts say the North's capacity already threatensAmerica's regional allies, Japan and South Korea._____The Cuban government is rolling out plans for a nine-day period of "DueloNacional," or national pain, after the death of Fidel Castro, 90.The country, which defied the United States for nearly half a century beforehostilities eased, remains firmly in the grip of his brother, Raúl Castro.The capital, Havana, has been quiet, but Cuban exiles celebrated in Miami._____The Vatican has built momentum in talks with Beijing to ease tensions datingback to 1949, when the ascendant Communist Party expelled Catholic missionariesfrom China.Some fear that the pope's eagerness to reach a deal could play into the hands ofChina's hard-line president, Xi Jinping._____South Korea's political crisis escalated after a weekend protest againstPresident Park Geun-hye that appeared to be the largest yet. Ms. Park, whoseapproval ratings have fallen into the low single digits, stayed holed up in herofficial residence and through a spokesman denied charges against her in theinfluence-peddling scandal that inspired the protests.A looming impeachment vote is expected between this Friday and next._____BusinessAmerican shoppers took advantage of post-Thanksgiving deals, pushing so-calledBlack Friday sales up 18 percent over last year, to $5.3 billion, according toindustry analysts. But visits to brick-and-mortar stores dipped.The animated Disney film "Moana" took in more than $81 million at domestictheaters over the five-day holiday weekend and an additional $16.3 million inlimited overseas release, including in China.Prime Minister Narendra Modi took to the radio to soothe Indians distressed byhis ban on large banknotes, pledging that the difficulties caused by the banwould ease soon.A California startup thinks it may have found the secret to growing truffles.Here's a snapshot of global markets.In the NewsDays before the Australian government will report to Unesco on the health of theGreat Barrier Reef, reports emerged that record coral bleaching damage may beworse than initially thought. [The Brisbane Times]François Fillon won a runoff to represent France's center-right Republican Partyin next year's presidential contest, paving the way for a likely faceoff withthe far right. [The New York Times]China's government has pledged to expand land use rights for homeowners, givingresidents more control over properties they buy. [South China Morning Post]The Philippine Army said it had killed 11 Maute extremists who had raised theblack flag of the Islamic State in the country's south. [Rappler]The Israeli military said it killed four militants linked to the Islamic Stateafter they attacked Israeli forces in the Golan Heights. [The New York Times]U.S. officials say they will close a protest camp that has drawn thousands ofNative Americans opposed to an oil pipeline. [The New York Times]A computer science student in the nation of Georgia says he was just looking forad dollars when he started purveying the kind of fake news that played a role inthe U.S. election. [The New York Times]"I see the anger I was raised with rocking the nation." A young American whorenounced white nationalism considers the wave of white rage that aligned behindDonald J. Trump as he ascended to the White House. [The New York Times]NoteworthyA weeks-long chess battle that could end today pits Sergey Karjakin of Russiaagainst the defending world champion, Magnus Carlsen of Norway, pictured above.Simmering Cold War tensions have given the match weightier geopoliticalovertones. A Russian spokesman said that President Vladimir V. Putin receivesconstant updates.Our business columnist tracked the fortune of J.K. Rowling, the "Harry Potter"author. He estimates her net worth at $1.2 billion, noting that she pays taxesand gives generously to charity."At a time of bitter disputes over rising income inequality," he concludes, "noone seems to resent Ms. Rowling's runaway success.""Black Water," a novel which recalls Indonesia's turmoil in the 20th century,and "Do Not Say We Have Nothing," which traces seven decades of Chinesepolitical history, are among our 100 Notable Books of 2016.Here's the full list.Back StoryThat banana you might be having for breakfast is probably a Cavendish, the mostwidely available variety of one of the world's most popular fruits.But a deadly fungus is on the march, and the Cavendish's lack of geneticdiversity is raising fears of a possible "bananapocalypse."The killer, a strain of Panama Disease called Tropical Race 4, has spread toChina, Taiwan, Indonesia, Malaysia and Australia's Northern Territory, and hasrecently been found in Africa and the Middle East.With its yellow peel and seedless fruit, the Cavendish makes up 95 percent ofbananas sold worldwide, according to the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization.The previous dominant variety, the Gros Michel, was decimated by another form ofthe fungus in the 1950s. Growers turned to the Cavendish, whose strength liesmore in disease resistance than flavor. (One expert said it "had been consideredsomething close to junk.")The Cavendish is thought to have arrived in England in the 1800s from Mauritius,taking its name from the family in whose greenhouse it was cultivated.Missionaries eventually carried it to the Pacific islands.One scientist sees a silver lining in newly urgent efforts to save the seedsfrom wild bananas. "Race 4 is a threat," he says, "but it's also an opportunityto start growing more diversity."Remy Tumin contributed reporting._____Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version ofthe briefing should help.Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings.What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes.com.