THE TWEETER-IN-CHIEF was busy over the weekend, ranting over a move by JillStein, Green Party candidate for president, to challenge the votes in Michigan,Wisconsin and Pennsylvania - states where Donald Trump defeated Hillary Clintonby narrow margins.Trump tweeted that Stein's actions were a "scam" and that he not only won theelectoral vote, but would have won the popular vote on Nov. 8 were it not formillions of "illegal" votes cast.He offered no proof because there is none. Clinton leads her Republican opponentby more than 2 million votes nationwide. There is no evidence that there weremany illegal votes, let alone several million.Trump has complained long and loud about vote fraud and "rigged elections." Butthat was before he won the presidency. If he were a normal politician, it wouldseem odd that he would claim to win the popular vote when there is hard evidencehe did not. But, then, the president-elect is not a normal politician. Not anormal man, for that matter.Trump is going with the flow of his party, though. Republicans have made claimsof voter fraud part of their brand. (The rule of thumb is: If the Republicancandidate wins, the system works fine; if a Democrat wins, it must be because offraud.)What's surprising is to see that Stein - with an assist from the Clinton camp -has picked up that cudgel to cast doubt on the validity of the totals inMichigan, where Trump won by 10,704 votes; Wisconsin, where his margin was22,177 votes; and Pennsylvania, which Trump won by 71,294 votes.In Pennsylvania, she has gone to court asking it to force a recount of votes inthe state because of the possibility of fraud. Her problem is: There are noallegations of fraud. She has no examples of fraudulent voting in the state.What she has is a paper by a computer science professor who has written thatvoting systems are vulnerable to attacks by hackers. (The same professor haswritten that there is no evidence that hacking occurred in this election.)So, Stein has no evidence of fraud, by hacking or other means, but she feels itis imperative to conduct official (and very expensive recounts) to answer doubtsshe has raised about the integrity of voting system.For the record, Stein has said she does not believe a recount would result in achange in the outcomes in the three states. Nor would it help her candidacy. Shegot 1 percent of the popular vote nationwide on Nov. 8. She got 49,312 votes outof 6 million cast in Pennsylvania.We don't know whether to laugh or cry over Stein's and Trump's allegations.Absent any credible evidence to the contrary, losing an election is not proofthat your opponent engaged in fraud. It means he got more votes. Losing a closeelection is not proof of fraud or vote tampering. It means the election wasclose. The history books are filled with examples of elections in which acandidate won by one vote, or a dozen. There have even been ties.Casting doubts on the results also casts doubt on the integrity of thousands ofvoting officials - Republicans and Democrats - who work hard to make sure thevoting system functions honestly and well, often with bare-bones budgets.As a nation, we cannot embrace the notion that all elections are rigged andinfested with fraud, that magical and mysterious forces are fixing the outcomein advance. Such poisonous beliefs could be fatal to the notion of democracy.