The hostility between Gov. Andrew Cuomo and Mayor Bill de Blasio has never beengood for New York City, but it's especially bad now that the city is facingpolicy and funding threats from an upended federal government. It is past timefor the two men to fix their relationship.The mayor and governor don't deny that there's an issue-at least, they havestopped claiming to be friends. But they insist that their administrationscooperate and that the people's work is getting done. Talk to folks in the know,though, and they will tell you that many joint efforts are not even attemptedbecause the two executives don't get along.This could be because Cuomo doesn't want to share credit with the de Blasioadministration. Maybe he doesn't want a partner whose bureaucracy or ideologymight slow down an operation or require compromises. Also, the governor surelysees a political benefit to diminishing a mayor who is unpopular in the suburbsand upstate, and not especially liked in his own city, for that matter.Still, Cuomo's approval ratings don't depend on de Blasio being his foil orwhipping boy. The governor just needs to be an effective manager, and for themost part he has been.What's needed now is a united front. What is good for New York City is good forthe state, since the city sends more to Albany in taxes and fees than it gets inreturn. And much of what New York City gets from the federal government comesthrough the state, though that funding could take a hit if congressionalRepublicans make good on promises to reduce spending when President-elect DonaldTrump takes office in January.Immigration and tax reform are shaping up to be fierce battlegrounds next year.New York's leaders should work together to oppose policy changes harmful to oureconomy. If companies cannot import foreign talent and deportations break upfamilies that staff and own businesses across the city, innovation and commercewill suffer. Our wallets would take a hit if we lost the option to deduct stateand local taxes on our federal returns.The wild card is the 2020 presidential race. Democratic Party leaders arealready scouring the land for candidates, and as one of the few big-stateDemocratic governors, Cuomo has seen his name come up. De Blasio has also beenmentioned, though he lacks the charisma and political independence that got Sen.Bernie Sanders to the cusp of the Democratic nomination.If the governor and mayor see themselves as rivals for the White House,reconciliation won't happen. But if, say, the mayor were to rule out a campaign,Cuomo could make peace and look presidential instead of petty. And New Yorkwould benefit from their détente.