Opponents of President-elect Donald Trump are trying to persuade Republicanelectors to vote against him next month. A primer on the electoral college andthe role of electors:--What is the electoral college?It's made up of the 538 Americans who actually elect the president. The numbercorresponds to the seats a state has in the U.S. Senate and the House ofRepresentatives, plus the three electoral votes allotted to the District ofColumbia. The magic number is 270, the bare majority required to win thepresidency.Electors meet in their state capitals to cast their ballots; this year, thatwill take place Dec. 19.--How can a candidate win the popular vote and not the electoral college?The national popular vote simply doesn't matter. Electoral votes are insteadawarded based on state-by-state results. Essentially, the U.S. holds 50 separatepopular votes that determine an electoral college vote count.--How many times has a candidate won the popular vote but lost the election?Hillary Clinton would be the fifth candidate in the nation's history to fallinto this dubious category. The others were Andrew Jackson in 1824, SamuelTilden in 1876, Grover Cleveland in 1888 and Al Gore in 2000.--How did the college originate?The electoral college is an original feature of the Constitution. Some framerswanted popular election of the president; many others didn't trust the masses.The electoral college was a compromise.Pegging a state's electoral vote count to the size of its congressionaldelegation was negotiated to give small states more influence proportionallythan large states.The same urban-versus-rural, small-state-versus-large-state battle is the reasonfor the makeup of the U.S. Senate, where every state has two members.--Do electors have to vote the way their state voted?The Constitution is silent on this point, which suggests electors can go theirown way. This is certainly the thinking behind petitions and a few Clintonelectors urging Republican electors to abandon Trump.In 29 states, there are either statutes or party rules that theoretically bindelectors to honor state results. But the penalty for becoming a "faithlesselector" is typically a fine measured in the hundreds of dollars.The Supreme Court has never ruled explicitly on those state laws and partyrules, and some constitutional scholars say such state restrictions would bestruck down if challenged.--Have there been "faithless electors" before?The National Archives says that throughout the nation's history more than 99% ofelectors have voted as pledged.According to research by FairVote.org, a nonprofit group that advocates fornational popular-vote elections for president, there have been just 157so-called faithless electors. That represents less than 1% of the totalelectoral votes cast in the nation's history.Only a few of those have been in the modern era. The last publicly identifiedfaithless elector was Barbara Lett-Simmons of the District of Columbia in 2000.A Gore elector, she abstained as a protest for her home city having no votingrepresentation in Congress. According to news reports, Lett-Simmons sought andreceived Gore's permission for her act of defiance.--What happens if no candidate receives the 270-vote majority?Under the Constitution, the House of Representatives decides, with each statedelegation casting a single vote for one of the top three vote-getters.Republicans control most state delegations, so this route would still benefitTrump.The House has decided presidential elections only twice, in 1800 and 1824.