WASHINGTON - It's a safe bet that when Chief Justice John Roberts and DonaldTrump meet outside the Capitol on Inauguration Day, Roberts won't ask why Trumpsaid terrible things about him."Disgraceful" and "an absolute disaster" were some of the ways Trumpcharacterized Roberts as he campaigned.Come Jan. 20, Roberts will administer the oath of office, the two men will shakehands and then Roberts will recede into the background. For now.Roberts and the rest of the Supreme Court probably will be called on to reviewTrump's major undertakings as president. Trump could need Roberts' vote onmatters ranging from immigration to health care to environmental regulations.Will it matter that in the course of the campaign, Trump had harsh words for theleader of the federal judiciary? The pointed criticism of a justice by name wasonly one in a long list of unusual aspects of Trump's campaign for thepresidency."Justice Roberts really let us down, Trump told an audience in Aiken, SouthCarolina, last December. "What he did with Obamacare was disgraceful, and Ithink he did that because he wanted to be popular inside the Beltway, he added,referring to greater Washington.A month later, in an interview with ABC News' George Stephanopoulos, Trump againreferred to the health care decisions when he said, "Justice Roberts turned outto be an absolute disaster.Roberts was savaged by several Republican presidential candidates, an unusualspectacle given Roberts' appointment by a Republican president and his generallyconservative record. Roberts has not responded to the criticism. Among thejustices, Ruth Bader Ginsburg made plain her dislike of Trump in July, thenwalked back her comments a few days later.Trump's controversial idea about keeping Muslims out of the U.S. would certainlyface a court challenge if his administration tries to put it in place.Environmental groups that have been fighting for Obama-era regulations would beexpected to fight Trump efforts to roll those back.In these and other areas where the extent of the president's power is at stake,the Supreme Court could have the final word.As chief justice of a court that is divided between four liberal appointees ofDemocratic presidents and four more conservative justices who were put on thecourt by Republicans, Roberts has said he has spent even more time than usualseeking agreement.The potential for deadlock will disappear once Trump nominates and the Senateconfirms someone to fill the seat that has been vacant since Justice AntoninScalia's death in February.But even then, Roberts might see the value in consensus, said Artemus Ward, apolitical science professor at Northern Illinois University who has writtenabout the Supreme Court."Does the court want to issue divided opinions to a divided country on divisiveissues? Ward asked.The inauguration-day meeting between Roberts and Trump may have its closestparallel in the contentious relationship between Earl Warren and Richard Nixon,old Republican political rivals in California.In January 1969, Warren was the chief justice who asked Nixon to raise his righthand and repeat the presidential oath. In that campaign, Nixon ran against theliberal Warren Court on a law-and-order platform."One of the most painful moments of Warren's life had to be swearing in Nixon,said Jim Newton, author of the Warren biography "Justice for All.But there is no evidence from records of the 1968 presidential race that Nixonpersonally disparaged Warren, Newton said. The chief justice already hadannounced that he would retire from the Supreme Court and Nixon knew he wouldappoint a successor if he won.Days before his death in 1974, Justices William Brennan and William Douglasvisited Warren in his Washington hospital room. Nixon's presidency was mired inthe Watergate scandal and it was about to receive a final blow in the form of aSupreme Court decision ordering the president to turn over secretly recordedaudiotapes. Warren pleaded with his old colleagues to hold Nixon accountable andnot let the president be above the law.They assured him they would, Newton wrote.