The Issue: Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein filing for a recount inWisconsin and Pennsylvania.The reason Hillary Clinton is participating in Jill Stein's recount is obvious("The recount's Green reaper," Nov. 29).She wants to fan the flames of discontent over her disastrous loss and make itas hard as possible for Donald Trump to govern. Armand Rose North Arlington, NJI honestly don't understand why Stein is doing this. Wasn't she the same personwho drew voters away from Hillary? What did she think when she was initiallyrunning?Has her undergraduate degree in psychology convinced her that the peoplecounting votes at polling stations, or the various election judges, are allcrazy? Steven Wolosker ManhattanI think it's amazing that our man-baby president-elect is complaining about arecount in an election where he lost the popular vote.After all, he's the one who was saying that the election was rigged, and Ibelieve him. But it was rigged in his favor.I intend to give Trump all the respect he gave President Obama. Marc PerkelGilroy, Calif.Clinton once again shows us who she really is.She was "horrified" that her opponent wouldn't accept the results if she won theelection.Now, however, she joins Stein's side in refusing to accept voters' selection ofTrump even after she gave her concession speech.I can't wait for Clinton and President Obama to ride off into the sunset and letAmerica heal so we can move forward.  Carolyn Friedman Staten IslandI can't understand why anyone is making a big deal out of the fact that Hillaryis getting involved with the recount.Recounts are part of our democratic tradition. For example, Al Franken won hisSenate seat after a recount, as did the former governor of Washington, ChristineGregoire.I've worked in politics all my adult life, and almost every time there's arecount, the vote count changes. Election inspectors, who work long hours,frequently make mistakes in reporting the vote totals. It's very possible for anoutcome to change.   Paul Feiner Greenburgh