GUN CONTROL was a central tenet of Hillary Clinton's unsuccessful campaign forpresident, but it would be wrong to interpret the results of the Nov. 8elections as a slam dunk for those opposed to sensible gun laws. Three statesapproved ballot initiatives for strengthened gun-control measures despite stiffopposition from the national gun lobby. In statehouse races across the country,gun-control advocates had some success in helping to oust longtime gun-safetyopponents. There should be no illusions about the difficulty that lies ahead insustaining and furthering reform, but it is encouraging to see these signs of anincreasingly robust grass-roots movement.In a year that saw a record number of ballot initiatives, voters in Nevada,California and Washington state gave their approval to strengthened gun-safetymeasures while an effort in Maine to expand universal background checks failednarrowly. Nevada's move to expand background checks to private gun sales andtransfers was seen as particularly significant since the National RifleAssociation invested heavily there with an aggressive campaign that includedopposition from the governor and attorney general. According to Everytown forGun Safety and Moms Demand Action, the win in Nevada means that nearly half ofAmericans will now live in states that have closed the background-checkloophole. Eight states did so in the years that followed the slaughter ofschoolchildren at Sandy Hook.Other bright spots: Sen. Patrick J. Toomey (Pa.) showed that Republicans whosupport gun control can still win reelection while Sen. Kelly Ayotte (N.H.)proved that Republicans who oppose gun safety can lose. And in Oregon everyelected leader up for election who voted "yes" on the state's 2015background-check bill won reelection. Of course, factors other than gun issuesplayed a role in these elections, and the NRA, which spent a record $30 million,had its victories. But even its early and aggressive backing of Donald Trump wasoffset by the fact that the most aggressively pro-gun-control presidentialcandidate in history won the popular vote.That, of course, is not likely to stop the gun lobby from wanting to cash in onits investment by pushing extreme measures such as repealing the federalgun-free school zone law, establishing national reciprocity for concealed-carrypermits, gutting efforts to crack down on illegal gun trafficking and more. Gunlaws in the District unfortunately will be particularly vulnerable. So let'shope that the mettle that gun-  control advocates have shown in recent years instopping NRA-backed bills in statehouses will prove successful in meeting thecoming challenges.