HIGHLIGHT: Rep. Mike Pompeo of Kansas has been chosen to head the CIA. Sen. JeffSessions is to be nominated as attorney general. Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynnis to be national security adviser. Former presidential candidate andMassachusetts governor Mitt Romney is expected to meet with Donald Trump overthe weekend. South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley is mentioned as one of the moremoderate figures Donald Trump is considering for office and planning to speakwith.DON CAMPBELL/AP John Raoux/APWASHINGTON - President-elect Donald Trump began filling his Cabinet on Fridaywith stalwarts of the right, signaling with a trio of top national security andlaw enforcement selections that he will aggressively pursue promises he madeduring the campaign that have caused deep anxiety among immigrant and Muslimcommunities.Trump's choices dimmed speculation that he would move to the center as he beginsto govern a nation still deeply fractured and on edge, uncertain how thepresident-elect would proceed.On Friday, Trump provided some clarity about his intentions.Trump's choice for attorney general, Republican Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama,is an anti-immigration crusader deeply disliked by civil rights activists.The president-elect's choice for national security adviser, retired Lt. Gen.Michael Flynn, is an experienced warrior who has suggested that Americans shouldfear all Muslims.Rep. Mike Pompeo of Kansas, who got the nod for CIA director, broke withcolleagues on the House Benghazi Committee to co-author a minority reportaccusing Hillary Clinton of a cover-up.The choices renewed the rancor Trump set off earlier in the week when he namedas his top White House strategist Stephen Bannon, the media executive who hasaligned himself with white nationalists.They presaged a contentious start to the Trump administration, with Democratsand civil rights activists vowing to use Senate hearings to put the spotlight onthe controversial pasts of the selections who must be confirmed, which includeSessions and Pompeo.Trump advisers and GOP lawmakers moved quickly to highlight moments in thecareers of the men when they worked with colleagues across the aisle. Theysuggested that Friday's announcements don't necessarily indicate Trump isheading in a sharply ideological direction, as many more top spots have yet tobe filled.GOP establishment favorite and 2012 presidential nominee Mitt Romney, forexample, is slated to meet with Trump this weekend, months after giving a speecharguing that Trump would be an unqualified and dangerous president. Trump isalso talking with South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley, another favorite ofmoderates.But the positioning did little to quiet an outcry, with the angriest andfiercest response directed at Sessions."If you have nostalgia for the days when blacks kept quiet, gays were in thecloset, immigrants were invisible and women stayed in the kitchen, Sen.Jefferson Beauregard Sessions is your man," Rep. Luis Gutiérrez, D-Ill., said ina statement.Sessions, 69, was one of the earliest and most enthusiastic backers of Trump'spresidential bid. While he is generally liked by colleagues in both politicalparties, he is among the hardest-liners on immigration in Congress, and hisselection ensures that the limits on immigration and expanded deportations thatTrump called for during the campaign are likely to be at the forefront of hisadministration's policies.Sessions made racially insensitive remarks that cost him a federal judgeship in1986, when the Senate Judiciary Committee drilled down on the comments. Ifconfirmed to be attorney general, Sessions would lead an agency that underPresident Obama has waded aggressively into civil rights issues, particularlyafter the unrest sparked by the killings of black men by police officers inrecent years.Sessions' Republican colleagues quickly closed ranks around him Friday,suggesting that his confirmation is likely. Senate Majority Leader MitchMcConnell of Kentucky praised him, pointing to how Sessions has collaboratedwith some of the Senate's most liberal lawmakers on legislation..Incoming Senate Democratic Leader Charles  Schumer of New York warned that hiscordial relationship with Sessions, with whom he exercises at the gym, does notgive the nominee a pass on tough questioning. The appointment of Flynn, whichdoes not require Senate confirmation, raised similar concerns of racial andethnic animosity. Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., a senior member of the SenateIntelligence Committee, put Flynn in the same category as Bannon, saying the twoembody Trump's "most divisive rhetoric."Flynn has been an outspoken critic of the Obama administration's approach toIslamic militancy. He has argued that acts of terrorism committed by Muslims arerooted in mainstream Islamic faith. In February, Flynn tweeted a YouTube videothat says all Muslims should be feared and lists bombings perpetrated byMuslims. "Fear of Muslims is RATIONAL: please forward this to others: the truthfears no questions," Flynn wrote."He is familiar with the complex set of security challenges we face," Sen JackReed, D-R.I., the ranking member of the Armed Services Committee, said in astatement. "And President-elect Trump does not have a lot of experience in thisarena." But Reed also expressed concern with comments Flynn made "in the heat ofthe campaign."Pompeo, a former Army officer and aerospace executive, was elected as part ofthe 2010 tea party wave election. He has defended as legal the CIA'swaterboarding and other torture, which Trump has said he wants to bring backover the objections of military and intelligence leaders.Pompeo's nomination to run the CIA "is profoundly disturbing," Glenn Carle, aformer senior officer who was involved in the CIA's interrogation and detentionprogram, said in a telephone interview from Dubai. Carle, who spent 23 years asa spy before retiring in 2007, has criticized the agency's brutal treatment ofdetainees.Democrats took a less hostile posture toward Pompeo than Trump's otherselections. The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, Rep. AdamSchiff of California, called Pompeo "very bright and hardworking."