It's been slightly more than two weeks since slightly less than half of thosewho voted in the presidential election set Western civilization on a possiblecourse toward destruction.As with any traumatic event, there's no "right" way to process the aftermath,though when it comes to the Trumpocalypse a curious dichotomy has emerged. Thosewho are unhappy about the results (and "unhappy" here ranges from "concerned" to"suicidal") seem to be operating in either panic mode or "everyone take a deepbreath" mode.Panic mode is easy to spot. If your Facebook feed resembles mine, which is tosay if it's no longer a social network as much as a rapidly scrolling emergencyalert system, chances are you and 500 of your closest friends are posting andsharing phone numbers of legislators to call about the latest Trump-relateddevelopment.Or maybe you're spitting out frenzied jeremiads about the end of the Republic,or passing around mostly useless petitions, or arguing about which retailers toboycott because they sell Trump products: Zappos? Macy's? Amazon? Oh, wait,Amazon's OK because its CEO, Jeff Bezos, said he wanted to send Donald Trumpinto space. Oh, wait, it's not OK because it's ... Amazon."Everyone take a deep breath" mode is, by its very nature, a subtler thing. It'sless conducive to social media than, say, face-to-face conversation. It's whatJon Stewart exemplified when he was interviewed by Charlie Rose on CBS lastweek. "I don't believe," he said, "we are a fundamentally different countrytoday than we were two weeks ago." It's the approach serious newspapers aretrying to take, reporting the facts rather than splashing out doomsdayheadlines.It's the attitude President Obama is maintaining with a level of grace andself-discipline that is as impressive as anything I've seen in the public spherein recent memory. In fact, watching him negotiate this transition keeps bringingme back to the Rudyard Kipling poem "If," especially this line: "If you can bearto hear the truth you've spoken/Twisted by knaves to make a trap for fools."And yet panic mode seems to have the moral authority. If you're not panicking,you're wrong. More precisely, if you're not panicking, you're "normalizing" asituation that is aberrant in every possible way."Normalize" has become the word of the hour, and not without good reason. Humanbeings are naturally resilient. We get used to things, we adapt. This is anevolutionary advantage when it comes to propagating the species, but it canprove catastrophic if citizens confuse watchful waiting with being lulled intocomplacency. We shouldn't get so used to the smell of smoke that we stopnoticing the fire. Case in point: The liberals now praying Mitt Romney becomessecretary of State."Normalize" is already being used as a weapon, mostly by Team Panic against TeamTake a Deep Breath. For all the people who took solace in Stewart's words,plenty of others criticized him for showing insufficient outrage. And eventhough most Americans understand the importance of a peaceful transition ofpower, there are plenty who think President Obama, with his message of "giveTrump a chance," is being too magnanimous, the normalizer in chief.If Obama was a regular person and told his liberal Facebook friends to tone downthe hysterics and take things one step at a time, he'd be scolded and schooled,attacked for his privilege, labeled "part of the problem." Obviously, that's afalse equivalency if there ever was one, but it underscores just howcounterproductive the infighting can be. The truth is, Team Panic and Team Takea Deep Breath need each other. They are not enemies but symbiotic partners.Panickers could stand to chill out now and then, and the deep-breath-takersmight do well to pick up the phone and register their concerns with alegislator.That kind of give and take is not normalizing. It's just normal human respectfor normal human feelings in this most abnormal time.--mdaum@latimescolumnists.com