POLITICS MAKES estranged bedfellows.GOP frenemies Mitt Romney and President-elect Donald Trump were all smilesSaturday after a private 80-minute meeting at the businessman's private NewJersey golf club."Went great!" Trump shouted through cupped hands to the assembled media afterthe former combatants shook hands and went their separate ways around 2:20 p.m.Trump then flashed a thumbs-up before heading inside for more meetings.The former Massachusetts governor was mentioned this week as a possiblecandidate for Trump's secretary of state. But Romney departed without adefinitive word on a role in the administration."We had a far-reaching conversation with regards to the various theaters of theworld which involve the United States," Romney said before leaving withoutanswering questions."It was a very good and interesting and thorough conversation. I appreciate thechance to meet with the President-elect."Romney was met at the Trump International Golf Club in Bedminster Township,N.J., by the incoming commander-in-chief and Vice President-elect Mike Pence."How are you, sir?" inquired Romney before shaking hands with both men.The civility stood in stark contrast to the war of words between the RepublicanParty's presidential nominees of 2012 and 2016.Romney unleashed a blistering call for the Republican Party to reject Trump,describing him as a "con man, a phony and a fraud." Romney also mentionedTrump's "bullying . . . greed . . . misogyny (and) absurd third-gradetheatrics."Trump, repeatedly noting Romney's 2012 defeat to incumbent President Obama,derided the onetime White House hopeful as a "loser" and a "failed candidate."He added that Romney "choked like a dog."But Romney started the fence-mending after the Nov. 8 election, tweetingcongratulations to Trump. The newly elected President noted that Romney calledto offer the same thoughts."Very nice!" Trump tweeted after their chat.Trump has already named three top appointees: Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions forattorney general, Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo to head the CIA, and retired Lt. Gen.Michael Flynn as his national security adviser.Trump arrived around noon for a series of sitdowns as he goes about the businessof filling an assortment of White House positions."Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will behelping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!" Trump tweeted before going to the golfcourse.Retired Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis, a contender for defense secretary, wasdescribed by Trump as "a great man" after their meeting.The future President also met with a pair of education activists - including onewho brought her ex-NBA star husband.One-time Washington, D.C., school chancellor Michelle Ree - a charter schooladvocate - arrived with spouse Kevin Johnson. He is the Democratic mayor ofSacramento and a former Phoenix Suns star.Trump also welcomed Betsy DeVos, a Michigan GOP fund-raiser and school voucherssupporter.One-time Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee - another Trump administration possibility- ripped into Romney as unworthy of a job under the White House's soon-to-arrivetenant."I don't see any way in the world that Mitt Romney would have a cabinet positionin the Donald Trump administration," Huckabee told Fox News."It would be an insult to the supporters of Donald Trump . . . to give a guy ajob who basically said all those supporters were following a con man."