President-elect Donald Trump is assembling a foreign policy team that will facea series of major tests that could produce diplomatic successes or degenerateinto damaging crises if mishandled. So far he has tapped retired Army generalMichael Flynn as his national security adviser and South Carolina Gov. NikkiHaley as his U.S. ambassador to the United Nations. He also is consideringformer presidential candidate Mitt Romney for secretary of State and retiredMarine Corps general James Mattis for Defense secretary. Here are five bubblingissues that may force the new team to scramble for solutions:IRAN'S NUCLEAR DEAL:Scenario: Trump acts on his campaign pledge to renegotiate the deal. Potentialcrisis: Iran says it is free to resume its nuclear program without restraints,Israel threatens to destroy any weapons development sites, and five other worldpowers who signed the accord refuse to go along with Trump. Challenge for Trump:Stick to his pledge to "rip up" the deal or accept it and use the verificationprovisions to make sure Iran complies with all the terms for limiting itsprogram to peaceful purposes.NORTH KOREA'S TESTSScenario: Unpredictable North Korean leader Kim Jong Un conducts another nuclearor missile test to see how Trump reacts. Potential crisis: A rash response bythe Trump administration could provoke the erratic Un to up the ante bythreatening military action against South Korea and Japan or by kidnappingAmericans who venture into North Korea. Challenge for Trump: Ratchet up thecrisis by threatening retaliation or go the diplomatic route by pressing Chinato use its clout to rein in the North Korean dictator.SYRIA'S CIVIL WARScenario: Russian President Vladimir Putin reads Trump's conciliatory remarks asa green light to go all out to help Syrian President Bashar Assad prevail in hisbrutal 5-year-old civil war. Potential crisis: A victorious Assad lets Russiaestablish a permanent military base in the Middle East, Assad's success expandsthe influence of close ally Iran in the region, and a new tide of refugees whoopposed the Syrian strongman flee to Europe, which already is inundated withmigrants. Challenge for Trump: Let Russia help Assad prevail or continuePresident Obama's support of rebels to pressure Assad to step down in favor of adiplomatic settlement.CHINA'S TRADEScenario: China responds to Trump's campaign threat to place tariffs on Chineseimports by threatening to impose its own tariffs on U.S. imports and dumpbillions worth of U.S. Treasury bonds it holds. Potential crisis: The world'stwo largest economies face a crippling trade war, and financial markets crash.Challenge for Trump: Stick to his campaign pledge to prod China to curb imports,risking market volatility and a recession, or accept the status quo and pursuelonger-term talks aimed at finding more favorable trade terms for the USA.UKRAINE'S CONFLICTScenario: Russia helps separatists make a new push for independence in easternUkraine on the belief that Trump's pro-Putin leanings suggest he won'tintervene. Potential crisis: Renewed fighting erupts, and Ukraine's nationalgovernment seeks U.S. weapons and new sanctions imposed on Russia. Challenge forTrump: Come to ally Ukraine's aid and risk a proxy war with Russia, continueObama's use of sanctions and diplomatic pressure to restrain Russia or followhis isolationist instincts and say it's not a U.S. problem.