For the past few decades, we have witnessed the  rise of anti-Semitism from theleft. From Jeremy  Corbyn's Labour Party in the United Kingdom to  collegecampuses across America, the phenomenon is  real, and it is dangerous. Yet, alltoo often, some Jews   both individuals and organizations  who inhabit theliberal or left end of the spectrum have tried to explain  it away with theclassic yes/but rationalization:  Yes, it's wrong, but if only Israel wouldthen the anti-Semitism would disappear. Maybe their fear of losing  theirleft-wing bona fides blinded them to the fact that  the only proper response toprejudice of any kind  anti-Semitism included  is unambiguous condemnation.Now, some of these same Jews are  excoriating establishment Jewish  leaders whohave failed to condemn  anti-Semitism from the right. They  lambast theseleaders for cozying  up to Donald Trump and his newly  appointed White Housechief strategist,   Stephen Bannon, who has  proudly supported the rise of theso-called alt-right, the self-serving  marketing term for a group rife withanti-Semites and white supremacists.These left-wing Jews, who are  currently exhibiting so much indignation,should examine their own  record. When they do, maybe they'll  understand whythey don't exactly  have a ton of credibility right now.This is not to say that I think the  establishment Jewish leaders have  beenwise in their approach to Trump  and Bannon. Not at all. In recent  months anddays, much of the organized   American Jewish community  has indeed failed thetest of recognizing   and condemning the very real  anti-Semitism streaming fromthe  right. The left is absolutely correct  about that.During the presidential campaign,  Jewish reporters and pundits who  werecritical of Trump were widely   subjected to virulent anti-Semitic  attacks frompeople who openly  identified as his supporters. With the  exception of theAnti-Defamation  League, most leading Jewish organizations   said nothing. Morerecently,  when Trump named Bannon as his  chief strategist, most Jewishorganizations   chose to remain mute or  adopt a wait and see position. Theyargued that the president-elect and  those around him should be given a  chanceto establish their own record.  Groups willing to fight for pro-Israelpresidential appointees suddenly  discovered a new agnosticism when  faced withan anti-Jewish presidential   appointee. One suspects that, in  light of Trump'srecord of nursing  grievances, they feared being denied  a future place at thetable, failing to  see that such a place is worthless if  it telegraphs weaknessand lack of  principle.  Israel and the Jewish people, and  insisted thatBreitbart bravely fights  against anti-Semitism. Ron Dermer,  the Israeliambassador to America,  expressed satisfaction about working  with Bannon.Did they not see how Bannon, in  his capacity as Trump's campaign  manager,deployed anti-Semitic   rhetoric for political purposes in  Trump's speeches,particularly in the  campaign's carefully produced closing   argumentadvertisement? That  ad featured four supposed enemies  of the American publicDemocratic   candidate Hillary Clinton and threeJews: financier George Soros, Federal  Reserve Chair Janet Yellen and GoldmanSachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein. Over  images of them, Trump thundered:  Theestablishment has trillions of  dollars at stake in this election for  those whocontrol the levers of power  in Washington and for the global  specialinterests. They partner with  these people who don't have your  good in mind.These insinuations  of greedy global Jewish conspiracies  are worthy of TheProtocols of the  Elders of Zion.This is not playing with fire. It is  lighting one.We cannot know whether, on a  personal level, Bannon is an anti-Semite. He andhis defenders always  cite an Orthodox Jewish aide to  whom Bannon wishes aShabbat  Shalom each week. We cannot know  what is in his heart, but we knowplenty about what is in his publications   and speeches. At the very best,  heis an enabler, peddling racist and  anti-Semitic views because he thinks  itpolitically advantageous to do so.  I might prefer dealing with a genuinelyprejudiced person. At least I  would know that he has the courage  of his uglyconvictions.For American Jews, particularly  those aligned with the new administration,   toremain silent is to send a  signal that anti-Semitism and racism  can betolerated  and injected into  the heart of American politics. Expediency,   ortactical thinking, can  have its place. But in this case, it is  completelytrumped by the need for  honesty  and a bit of backbone.The established leadership (with the  exception of ADL) failed this first testregarding the Trump administration.  Only after an outcry from many quartersincluding from the editor of  this publication  did they begin to  issuesomewhat lukewarm condemnations.Yet it's not only anti-Semitism from  the right, but also anti-Semitism fromthe left, that should have been met  with steel, not mush. The protesters   fromthe left end of the political  spectrum have also failed a test. Let's  hopethey'll do some soul-searching,  too. Sadly, given the tenor of recent  events,Jewish organizations from all  ends of the political spectrum will  probablyhave other opportunities  to stand up. Let's hope they do. Far  more than justtheir already wounded   credibility is at stake.Deborah E. Lipstadt is the Dorot Professor  of Modern Jewish History andHolocaust  Studies at Emory University, and is a  contributing editor at theForward. Follow  her on Twitter, @DeborahLipstadt