President-elect Donald Trump could face a decision that may affect whether histax returns will continue to be audited throughout his four-year term of office.IRS regulations call for annual audits of tax returns filed by U.S. presidentsand vice presidents. But those rules, in place roughly 40 years, theoreticallycould be changed by the tax agency -- whose current leader is under fire fromCapitol Hill.The rules are included in the Internal Revenue Service Manual, which guidesactions by the nation's tax agency. It states that tax returns filed by thepresident and vice president "are subject to mandatory examinations" and shouldnot get less-rigorous screening.The protocol dates to the Watergate era and President Richard Nixon. He refusedto release his 1971 and 1972 tax returns, said they had been audited andinitially opposed any re-check.Under mounting public pressure, Nixon subsequently invited an examination by thecongressional Joint Committee on Internal Revenue Taxation. The panel's reviewconcluded that Nixon owed the federal government more than $476,000 in unpaidtaxes and accrued interest."The inclusion was made under the direction of career, non-partisan IRScompliance personnel," Matthew Leas, the IRS chief national spokesman, said ofthe audit regulation. "Since then, this provision has remained in place duringboth Republican and Democratic administrations, as well as under IRScommissioners appointed by both parties."However, the protocol does not have the force of federal law and could bechanged -- potentially through the appointment of a new IRS commissioner.Trump has not publicly discussed future leadership for the IRS, which is part ofthe Department of the Treasury. According to numerous media reports, he hasconsidered several candidates for Treasury secretary, including Steven Mnuchin,the national finance chairman of his winning White House campaign, JPMorganChase CEO Jamie Dimon and Rep. Jeb Hensarling, R-Texas.However, Trump was asked throughout the presidential campaign about hiscontinued refusal to release his own tax returns. Citing ongoing IRS audits forseveral years, he said he would make his returns public when the examinationsconcluded."Look, I've been under audit for almost 15 years," the GOP nominee said duringthe first presidential campaign debate with Democrat Hillary Clinton inSeptember. "And in a way, I should be complaining. I'm not even complaining. Idon't mind it. It's almost become a way of life. I get audited by the IRS. Butother people don't."Current IRS Commissioner John Koskinen, serving a five-year term set to end inNovember 2017, has been under pressure from congressional Republicans angered bywhat they contend was the tax agency's politically motivated delays ofapplications for non-profit status submitted by conservative Tea Partyorganizations. They say Koskinen misled Congress and obstructed committees thatinvestigated the issue, allegations he has denied.Koskinen has also been criticized over the IRS' embarrassing 2015 cyber theft ofpersonal data for more than 700,000 taxpayers.House Republicans started the process of initiating impeachment proceedingsagainst Koskinen with a Judiciary Committee hearing in September. But no voteswere held during the session. If he leaves through impeachment or resignationafter Trump takes office, Trump would nominate a successor, subject to Senateconfirmation.IRS commissioners haven't always stepped down for a new White Houseadministration. Shirley Peterson, appointed in 1992 by President George H.W.Bush, officially left as of January 1993, as Bill Clinton took office. ButCharles Rossotti, appointed by Clinton in 1997, stayed on for the opening twoyears of President George W. Bush's first term following enactment of the lawthat established five-year terms for IRS commissioners.In a move to guard against any interference with the IRS, a 1998 federal lawmakes it illegal for executive branch officials to ask the tax agency toinitiate or terminate an audit or investigations, Leas said. Convicted violatorsare subject to a maximum $5,000 fine and five-year prison term.Several tax law experts recently told Politico the statute wouldn't necessarilystop the appointment of a nominee who might seek easier or tougher treatment ofcertain audits.However, Robert McKenzie, a tax expert at the Arnstein & Lehr law firm's Chicagooffice, theorized that "a conscientious IRS employee would come forward andreport it if someone tried to influence him or her on an audit."If the IRS' presidential audit regulation remains unchanged, Trump would receiveassurance that his tax returns would be treated with even stricter-than-usualIRS security."The bottom line is he'd continue to be audited," Bryan Skarlatos, a tax lawexpert at Kostelanetz & Fink law firm in New York, said of Trump. "And therewould be enhanced security."