Green Party candidate Jill Stein continued her quest Monday for a recount of thepresidential election but was thwarted by the Wisconsin Elections Commission,which rejected her request to require a count by hand.Stein quickly responded that she would sue and also filed a lawsuit inPennsylvania to force a recount there, and her supporters began filing recountrequests at the precinct level. Initial results showed Republican Donald Trumpahead of Democrat Hillary Clinton by 70,638 votes.The commission set a timetable Monday for a recount of the presidentialelection.Stein -- who received just a tiny piece of the vote -- also plans to ask for arecount in Michigan on Wednesday, according to Mark Brewer, former chairman ofthe Michigan Democratic Party and lawyer for Stein.Michigan's Board of Canvassers certified its election results Monday afternoon,showing Trump won the presidential race by a 10,704-vote margin over Clinton.The certification made the election results official, but it also started the48-hour clock for Stein to seek a recount.Stein, who has raised more than $6.3 million online to pay for recounts inWisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan, she's not requesting the recounts becauseshe thinks they will change the outcome of the presidential race. Instead, shesaid in a video on her Facebook page, that she picked the three states where thevote was the closest to ensure the integrity of the election.The Clinton campaign announced Saturday that it will participate in theWisconsin recount to ensure fairness.Trump called the effort a "scam" aimed at filling the Green Party's "coffers."In addition, Trump alleged in a tweet that there was "serious voter fraud" inVirginia, New Hampshire and California and blamed the media for not reporting onit. No evidence of fraud was given.The states must complete their recounts by a Dec. 13 deadline set by the federalgovernment. The big deadline is Dec. 19 when all of the states' electors mustmeet to cast their Electoral College votes. States that miss those deadlinesrisk not having their electoral votes counted.Unless Stein wins her lawsuit in Dane County Circuit Court, officials in each ofWisconsin's 72 counties would decide on their own whether to do their recountsby hand. That could mean some counties perform recounts by machine and some byhand.Citing the results of a 2011 statewide recount that changed only 300 votes,Elections Commission chairman Mark Thomsen, a Democrat, said this presidentialrecount is unlikely to change Trump's win in the state."It may not be 22,177," said Thomsen, referring to Trump's lead over DemocratHillary Clinton in the vote count. "But I don't doubt that the president-electis going to win that."Thomsen dismissed Stein's claims of problems with the vote as unfounded andmisleading. But he directed his toughest criticism to Trump's unsupportedallegations that millions of people voted illegally nationwide, calling them "aninsult to the people that run our elections."Contributing: Paul Egan and Kathleen Gray, Detroit Free Press, and WillCummings, USA TODAY.