During his campaign for the White House, Donald Trump made a series ofunattainable promises and took a series of extreme positions.Now, as president elect, he's having to reconcile his stances with the situationhe finds himself in, also known as the real world. And that has meant somesignificant course corrections, to put things politely, or flip-flops, to use aless generous term. By one count, Trump has made at least 15 about-faces in thethree weeks since the election.Last week, for instance, he acknowledged he would not seek appointment of aspecial prosecutor to pursue a criminal case against his former rival, HillaryClinton, after vowing to do so in the second presidential debate. He alsoexpressed an openness to revising his positions on torture and the Parisagreement on climate change.These came on top of a number of earlier changes. Soon after the election, Trumpsaid he wanted to keep some portions of the Affordable Care Act, after vowing torepeal it in full. He also admitted that deporting all 11 million undocumentedimmigrants would be impractical and that some of his wall along the U.S.-Mexicoborder might actually be a fence. He even had kind words for President Obamaafter vilifying the incumbent for years.Normally, we'd criticize a politician for all these flip-flops. And, with theerratic Trump, there's always a possibility he'll flip right back to hisprevious positions. But, on the whole, his moves are a  welcome acknowledgmentthat the actual responsibilities of being president are a lot different frombeing a candidate.Calls to jail Clinton for her use of a private server while secretary of Statemight have energized a Republican base, but an actual prosecution would generatea firestorm of controversy for politicizing the legal system.Similarly,  repeal of  Obamacare, without a careful plan to replace it, wouldcast some 20 million people into limbo and do little for the GOP's popularity.While Trump is at it, we'd like to see him tone down some of his other recklesscampaign pledges, such as his promises to tear up the Iran nuclear pact andvarious trade deals.But the president-elect is likely to soon find that these course correctionsthemselves will have consequences. Many hard-line conservatives will start tosee him as too moderate. And even voters drawn to his maverick qualities, whomight not have taken him literally, will start to see him as just anotherconventional politician who tells people what he thinks they want to hear.Even with vague platforms that are hard to pin down, elected officials oftenfall short of their promises. The website Politifact, for instance, finds thatObama has only delivered on 45% of the original campaign pledges he made back in2008. He broke his promise 23% of the time and agreed to a compromise thatproduced partial results 26% of the time. (The remainder were either blocked orare still playing out.)Trump's campaign was engineered to win, not to govern after a victory. Now thequestion is whether he can adjust to reality without breeding even more of thecynicism that helped propel him into office in the first place.