As Democrats try to regroup after their recent presidential defeat, they tend todelude themselves on three crucial points.First, they seek comfort in Hillary Clinton's popular vote margin of more thantwo million, marking the sixth election of the last seven in which a Democratwon more raw votes than his or her Republican rival. But this meaningless"winning streak" masks a far more serious losing streak: In the last 50 years,over the course of 13 presidential elections, Barack Obama is the onlyDemocratic nominee to reach a solid popular vote majority of 51% or more -- andhe did it twice.Going beyond Lyndon Johnson's landslide against Barry Goldwater in 1964, you'dneed to reach all the way back to Franklin D. Roosevelt to find anotherDemocratic nominee who connected with an unmistakable majority of his fellowcitizens. In the intervening 72 years since FDR's last race in 1944, Republicanswon decisive, majority victories seven times.This overview not only undermines Democrats' claims to majority party status,but argues against the notion that they can blame November's loss on anespecially unpopular candidate. In fact, Hillary Clinton's percentage of thepopular vote (48%) was typical of other recent Democratic candidates like JohnKerry in 2004 (48.3%), Al Gore in 2000 (48.4%) and even her husband, BillClinton, in his successful 1996 re-election bid (49.2%). Hillary actually won amuch larger proportion of the electorate than Bill did in his first presidentialwin, where he commanded only 43% against George H. W. Bush and Ross Perot.In other words, most recent Democrats seem to have a ceiling when it comes to apercentage of the popular vote. Barack Obama alone broke through that barrierwhen he shattered an even more important boundary and inspired unique excitementas the first non-white major party nominee in U.S. history.No more ObamasThe second Democratic delusion involves the ability to field another Obama togenerate similar enthusiasm that would assure victory in 2020 and thereafter.This groundless faith ignores the weak nature of the depleted Democratic bench:Bernie Sanders and Joe Biden will both be close to 80, while Elizabeth Warren(71 if she runs in 2020) is a leftist ideologue with limited appeal to theparty's moderate wing.Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey or former governor Deval Patrick of Massachusettsmight hope to replicate Obama's success in mobilizing massive black turnout, buta second potential black president stands scant chance of provoking the sameenergy as the historic, first time effort of the young Illinois senator whoelectrified the landscape in 2008.Trump is nothing specialThe third Democratic mistake in explaining their 2016 collapse could prove themost fatal to the party's prospects: Ascribing that defeat to President-electTrump's unique reality-show appeal and unconventional, nuke-the-establishmentcampaign, rather than acknowledging the party's long-term alienation from theAmerican mainstream.The vision of Trump as a distinctive, one-off phenomenon ignores the  fact thatconventional, establishment Republicans actually out-performed him in race afterrace across the country. In the two most crucial swing states, Florida and Ohio,Sens. Marco Rubio and Rob Portman both doubled Trump's margin of victory withtheir electorates.Results nearly everywhere showed a Republican wave, not just a magical DonaldTrump appeal. Republicans won at least 21 Senate seats to the Democrats' 12,cemented control of at least 33 governorships to the Democrats' 15, and capturedat least 240 House sets to 194 for the opposition. These are crushing numbers,and the GOP has now won House control four elections in a row -- prevailing inthe House of Representatives in 10 of the last 12 election cycles, regardless ofthe fate of their presidential nominees.The Donkey Party, in other words, faces a deeper dilemma than a singlelackluster candidate. Members may try to reassure themselves with polls showingmore Americans identifying as Democrats than as Republicans, but they shouldremember that self-described "independents" tend to vote GOP in election afterelection, while the recent contest casts serious doubt on reliability of"scientific" polling.In the polls that count most -- tallies of actual votes on election day --Republicans have been winning with unacknowledged consistency. Democrats cancontinue to ignore that pattern only at their extreme peril.Michael Medved, author of The American Miracle: Divine Providence and the Riseof the Republic, is a syndicated talk radio host and member of the USA TODAYBoard of Contributors.