LETTERSIt's bad enough that Hillary Clinton seems to have sent her supporters on amission to intimidate President-elect Donald Trump electors into changing theirvotes for her, now Jill Stein (the Green Party's presidential candidate) haslaunched a vote recount campaign in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania. Thiswas probably a direction from Clinton to topple Trump's election, which willsurely be supported by her followers.It looks like Clinton refuses to accept the decision of Trump's electors andvoters, since it's reported she conceded the election only after receiving acall from President Obama urging her to do so.This is all the more evidence that President-elect Trump is saving America fromObama's ruinous record and an ultra-dangerous election of Clinton.Indeed, Jan. 20, 2017, can't come soon enough for America to reform, recover andprosper.Daniel JeffsApple Valley, Calif.FACEBOOKDid Hillary Clinton forget she already conceded? Will she give a secondconcession speech? Or will she not accept the results of a recount either?Don ScotterA change of one or two states, coupled with potentially "faithless" electors,could make this very interesting. A 290 electoral vote count is no landslide.I'm  just saying that nothing is officially over until Jan. 20. Does anyone elsefeel like we are watching a scripted drama?John ImhofThe purpose of the Wisconsin recount in particular is to verify the results inall counties, not just the randomly selected 100 wards.What does Donald Trump have to lose? Probably nothing. What does Wisconsin haveto gain if the recount flushes something out? An understanding of what we needto do in future elections there.Dave YostHad Trump not picked up the Electoral College as he did, he would have been thefirst to challenge the vote count. If Trump doesn't get his way, he stomps andcries "unfair"!Rebecca HargensTWITTERWe asked our followers their thoughts on the petitions to recount presidentialvotes.Donald Trump warned us the election could be rigged so recounts are aresponsible response, not an attempt to change. Results are facts.@SuprmanjI don't think much of it. Trump won the Electoral College. He's going to be ournew president, people need to accept that.@catloverplayerEven if there's no fraud, let's show ourselves and the world we double-check foraccuracy. No harm in that.@Blue6678Ridiculous. Have some class, Hillary Clinton, and accept that you were beaten!@48BevWithout evidence of fraud or tampering, a recount is very dangerous to ourrepublic and sets a scary precedent for future elections.@LWHaynesFor more, follow @USATOpinion or #tellusatoday.