Donald Trump's tweetstorm charging, without evidence, that the election included"millions" of illegal voters is just the latest reminder of how distinctive hisemerging presidency promises to be.Three weeks after he surprised even his supporters by winning the White House,the president-elect has begun to provide important clues about how he'll govern.Through words, actions and appointments -- by what he's done so far, and what hehas delayed doing -- the nation's 45th president has cut a course that is a mixof the predictable and the unprecedented.Just like his campaign.There's no template for Trump in office because Trump has never held officebefore, the first president in American history to have neither military commandnor governmental experience. He moves into the Oval Office having had littlebacking from the political establishment that typically is tapped to form a newgovernment. And he doesn't feel bound to follow his predecessors' practices,even down to his plans to divide his time between Washington and his hometown ofNew York.That makes the search for clues of what's ahead even more intense than usual.Here are three lessons we've learned already:1. The first Twitter presidentHow will Trump communicate with Americans? Let's look at what he's done sincehe was declared the president-elect through  Tuesday morning.News conferences: zero.Tweets and retweets: 77 and counting.Trump hasn't had a news conference since the election. Indeed, he hasn't held anews conference since July, when he moved from being one of the most accessiblepresidential candidates in memory to one of the least. At that point, he beganto rely mostly on speaking to a handful of preferred news outlets and, notably,social media.Trump has more than 16 million followers on his @realDonaldTrump Twitter accountand more than 15 million on his verified Facebook page. What's more, the @POTUSTwitter account (the acronym for president of the United States) that he'llinherit from President Obama has more than 12 million followers.That gives Trump a personal circulation on social media bigger than any Americannewspaper or TV evening news broadcast. It's a way for him to communicate withhis supporters and spark stories in news outlets around the world without beingsubjected to the follow-up questions reporters presumably would pose.Since the election, he has posted messages along traditional presidential lines,from wishing the Marine Corps a happy 241st birthday ("Thank you for yourservice!!") to sending Thanksgiving wishes to the nation. But he also hasblasted "the failing @nytimes," castigated the cast of Broadway's Hamilton forreading a message from stage to Vice President-elect Mike Pence, and suggestedSaturday Night Live owed him "equal time" in response to its satiric portrayalsof him.Over the weekend, he bashed moves by Green Party nominee Jill Stein to seekrecounts in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania, states Trump narrowly carried.He said without substantiation that fraud had given rival Hillary Clinton a leadin the popular vote of more than 2 million. "In addition to winning theElectoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct themillions of people who voted illegally," he wrote.Monday night, he retweeted five posts denouncing a CNN report that questionedhis evidence for that claim.2. Loyalty. And its limits.Loyalty matters to Trump, but there seem to be limits.Two top campaign aides quickly landed ranking White House jobs, Reince Priebusas chief of staff and Steve Bannon as senior counselor. Alabama Sen. JeffSessions, the first senator to endorse Trump, was named attorney general.Retired Army lieutenant general Michael Flynn, a close adviser during thecampaign, will be national security adviser.But New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, who enthusiastically endorsed Trump butremains embroiled in the Bridgegate scandal on his home turf, is on the outs,bumped from his role as head of the transition. Former New York City mayor RudyGiuliani, who continued to publicly defend Trump even in the immediate wake ofthe vulgar Access Hollywood video, hasn't won the job he wants, secretary ofState, at least not yet.Which brings us to forgiveness, and its limits.A rival candidate for  the nation's top diplomatic post, and to be fourth inline for the presidency, is Mitt Romney. During the campaign, the GOP's 2012presidential nominee was Trump's most scathing critic from the ranks of seniorRepublicans. In a speech in March, Romney called Trump "a phony, a fraud,""very, very not smart" and a failed businessman who advocated "ridiculous anddangerous" ideas.Still, Romney was  scheduled to meet with Trump for a second time Tuesday totalk about the State Department job, an idea that heartens establishmentRepublicans but enrages some of those who had supported Trump at the time Romneywas denouncing him. "People feel betrayed to think that Gov. Romney, who wentout of his way to question the character and the intellect and the integrity ofDonald Trump, now our president-elect, would be given the most significantCabinet post of all, secretary of State," Kellyanne Conway, Trump's formercampaign manager, said Sunday on NBC's Meet the Press.The battle between Romney and Giuliani could clear the way for some otherprospect, such as Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Bob Corker of Tennessee.Trump  appointed South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley as United Nations ambassadorand Betsy DeVos as Education secretary. Both endorsed others during theRepublican primaries, and Haley was particularly critical of Trump. She labeledhim "everything a governor doesn't want in a president."Unlike Romney, though, she did say she was voting for him in the generalelection.3. Brotherhood of billionairesRich folks often fare well in the bid for presidential appointments. Majorcampaign contributors routinely are nominated to serve as ambassadors to idylliclocales -- think Paris, not Kabul -- and to head agencies such as the CommerceDepartment. In 1953, Dwight Eisenhower's Cabinet, heavy with corporateexecutives, was dubbed "nine millionaires and a plumber." (Trivia alert: Who wasthe plumber? Labor Secretary Martin Durkin, a former president of the plumbersand pipefitters union. He  lasted only eight months in the job.)But the bank accounts of Trump's Cabinet appointees seem likely to overwhelm anyprevious administration. DeVos' family is heir to the huge Amway fortune. Trumpwas expected to announce Wilbur Ross, the billionaire businessman known as the"king of bankruptcy," to head Commerce. Steve Mnuchin, formerly of GoldmanSachs, reportedly had been picked for Treasury secretary over anotherbillionaire, Jonathan Gray of the Blackstone private equity firm, reported tohave been a finalist.By the way, if they take the government jobs, they will be subject to a federallaw that says executive-branch employees can't participate in government mattersin which they or their immediate families have a financial interest. That couldforce them to divest some assets or put them in a blind trust.That ethics law doesn't apply to the president and his extensive businessassets.Trump also seems partial to generals. Besides naming Flynn, Trump has tweetedhis regard for retired Marine Corps general James ("Mad Dog") Mattis as aprospective secretary of Defense. Mattis' appointment would require acongressional waiver from the requirement that the Pentagon chief be out ofuniform for at least seven years. "Very impressive," Trump tweeted. "A trueGeneral's General!"And he met for about an hour Monday at Trump Tower with retired general DavidPetraeus, who had to resign as CIA director for mishandling classifiedinformation. He's another possible secretary of State. "Just met with GeneralPetraeus," Trump tweeted Monday afternoon. "Was very impressed!"