After a contentious election, Miss Sloane arrives rife with lessons on cloudyAmerican politics.In the new political thriller (in select theaters in Los Angeles and New York,expands nationwide Dec. 9), Jessica Chastain takes the reins as the ferociouslyintelligent (fictional) Republican lobbyist Elizabeth Sloane, who ditches ahigh-profile job to push a bill restricting firearm sales through Congress."It's not interested in lecturing anyone," says the actress, curling up on acouch at the Four Seasons. She says Miss Sloane, which reveals thesausage-making on (and off) Capitol Hill, could just as easily have used anissue such as climate change or immigration to make its point."It just uses that to show an inner world of the American political system andthe fundraising -- what it takes to get a bill passed and how corrupt the systemcan be when it's led by money," she says.Chastain, 39, spent pre-production Googling top female lobbyists and walked awayfrom a trip to Washington with a decidedly different take on Sloane, a charactershe presumed would wear little makeup and rotate the same wardrobe day in andout."It was almost naïve of me to think that, because there's something about theway Elizabeth Sloane dresses and about some of the women that I met in D.C.where they intimidate before they even enter the room," says the actress, whosecharacter's war paint is dark nail polish and crimson lipstick.Critics are praising her performance in the film, which has a 72% positiverating on the review site Rotten Tomatoes. "Equally icy and savvy, Sloane has nopatience for hippies, naïve Millennials or the old boys' club, whose glassceiling she's pretty much pulverizing with a jackhammer any chance she gets,"wrote USA TODAY critic Brian Truitt.The  criticism lobbed at Hillary Clinton in the presidential election is top ofmind for the actress. During the debates, "the criticism against Hillary wasthat she was overprepared. I never heard in my entire life that a man wasoverprepared for anything. I am overprepared in my life," she says. "What'swrong with being ambitious, being overprepared, being one step ahead?"Offscreen, Chastain seems ready to recalibrate her fame. The private star haseven started sharing a  slice of her personal life via Instagram, selectivelyposting occasional shots with her longtime boyfriend, fashion executive GianLuca Passi de Preposulo. "Gian Luca and I have been together for such a longtime, we're in it for the long haul," she says.She's also switching gears after working relentlessly, having just wrapped theSitting Bull drama Woman Walks Ahead and just started the Aaron Sorkin-directedMolly's Game in Toronto."I'm at an interesting point in my life and in my career. A few years ago, Istarted to examine where I was in the world and what I was contributing tosociety," says Chastain, adding that she's ready to direct and share thespotlight."It becomes like you're eating cake every day. You just want to share the cake!"