FACEBOOKAfter losing the presidential election, Hillary Clinton received a better"grade" for how she conducted herself during the campaign than President-electDonald Trump, according to a Pew Research Center poll.Trump lost the popular vote by almost 2 million. He's just another George W.Bush phony who will never have the respect of the American people. Trump's 46%approval rating is ridiculous. President Obama and Bill Clinton had more than60% approval ratings after winning the popular vote -- and Obama still has a 54%approval rating now.Michael AlstonWho cares? Just get something done in Washington instead of worrying about whosefeelings get hurt. We have turned into a nation of whimpy idiots who rely on theauthorities to save them.You gotta break some eggs if you want to make an omelette.Ric SheridanClinton is the personification of evil and dishonesty. Her total disregard forthe law should scare anyone. Clinton lost because people do not trust her andrightly so.Kenneth LynchI have to accept Trump's election, because due process took place. But what Itake exception to is his newfound, revisionist attitude and approach.Trump was just a terrible person throughout his campaign -- and I don't condoneClinton's rhetoric either. But to say the things that he said during thecampaign and now decide to act "presidential" seems disingenuous at best andhypocritical at worst.Michael Anthony SheaYou can not redo Obama's eight years of failures in office or Clinton's years offailure in Washington. Liberals, deal with the Trump victory and try to figureout how under Obama, Democrats lost the House and Senate. We lived through eightcrappy years of the far left, now liberals can handle Trump. Grow up.Doug SteltenpohlTWITTERWe asked our followers for their recommendations for President-elect DonaldTrump's appointments.Appoint people who can do the job; do not reward loyalty to anyone. This is acountry, not a boardroom. Trump serves us, not himself.@305PirateRational people who want to protect our environment, our Social Security, ourcivil rights, our diversity.@Jadzia7667I would recommend to the president-elect to consider someone other than a whitemale septuagenarian.@Philosophos13Stay the course and keep bringing people on board who will do the job that needsto be done, rather than following party orders!@tab91787For more, follow @USATOpinion or #tellusatoday.