HIGHLIGHT: Clark University hosts panel discussion on college costs, financialliteracy.WORCESTER -- With last month's national election signaling a likely move awayfrom the concept of free higher education, state Treasurer Deborah Goldberg onThursday said college savings programs like her office's SeedMA initiative arenow "more important than ever."Ms. Goldberg made her comments at a roundtable discussion on college costs andfinancial literacy at Clark University, where she answered questions from abouta dozen attendees for about an hour. One of the participants, a student atClark, asked the treasurer what she thought about free college, an idea thatgained traction in the past year thanks to Democratic leaders like PresidentBarack Obama and presidential candidate Bernie Sanders."I was for that," Ms. Goldberg said. "But I'm afraid we're going backwards rightnow. Now the kinds of programs we're doing are even more important."Ms. Goldberg specifically was referring to the SeedMA program, which debuted asa pilot in Worcester this year. The initiative encourages parents of youngchildren to save for college by giving each kindergartner in the city an initial$50 donation to open a 529 college savings account.The treasurer's office opened enrollment for the program to Worcester familiesin the summer. Deputy Treasurer Alayna Van Tassel said the treasurer's officeplans to release initial sign-up numbers soon."For year one, they're certainly meeting our expectations," she said.If the program is successful in its three-year trial run - the Federal ReserveBank of Boston is running analysis of the initiative - Ms. Goldberg hopes toroll it out statewide.Since SeedMA is paid for through the state's Economic Empowerment Trust Fund,Ms. Goldberg said she doesn't see the incoming presidential administrationhaving much effect on the effort. But the treasurer, who said she supports U.S.Sen. Elizabeth Warren's calls for college loan debt relief, said the changingpolitical tides mean students likely won't be able to rely on the federalgovernment making public higher education free anytime soon.For students who are too close to college graduation to begin saving now, makingtough choices is "part of the hard reality," Ms. Goldberg said.The treasurer was specifically responding to Clark freshman Dalton Grady, whosaid his family had not saved enough for his college education and was seekingMs. Goldberg's advice."Some of us are accumulating large amounts of debt," he said, at a universitywhere the average debt load for graduates is $23,000. "What do you recommendthat we should do?"Ms. Goldberg did not endorse Mr. Grady's suggestion of transferring to a cheapercollege, but she said students do need to think carefully about theirpost-college options; some students might be better off getting a better-payingjob first, for instance, before later pursuing their passion for lower-paidpublic service work.Ms. Goldberg also stressed the importance of financial planning education.Mary Ellen Severance, left, director of financial assistance at ClarkUniversity, and Jack Foley, vice president of government and community affairsat Clark, listen as state Treasurer Deborah B. Goldberg, right, speaks during apanel discussion on college costs and financial literacy at Clark on Thursday.T&G Staff/Christine Peterson