In the modern era of presidential politics, no candidate has ever won thepopular vote by more than Hillary Clinton did this year, yet still managed tolose the electoral college. In that sense, 2016 was a historic split: DonaldTrump won the presidency by as many as 74 electoral votes (depending on howMichigan ends up) while losing the nationwide vote to Clinton by 2 million votesand counting.But there's another divide exposed by the election, which researchers at theBrookings Institution discovered as they sifted the election returns. It has nobearing on the election outcome, but it tells us something important about thestate of the country and the future of its politics.The divide is economic, and it is massive. According to the Brookings analysis,the fewer-than-500 counties that Clinton won nationwide combined to generate 64percent of U.S. economic activity in 2015. The more-than-2,600 counties thatTrump won combined to generate 36SEE patterns,  A10percent of the country's economic activity last year.Clinton, in other words, carried nearly two-thirds of the American economy.With the exceptions of the Phoenix and Fort Worth areas, and a big chunk of LongIsland, Clinton won every large-size economic county in the country.This appears to be unprecedented, in the era of modern economic statistics, fora losing presidential candidate. The last candidate to win the popular vote butlose the electoral college, Democrat Al Gore in 2000, won counties thatgenerated about 54 percent of the country's gross domestic product, theBrookings researchers calculated. That's true even though Gore won more than 100more counties in 2000 than Clinton did in 2016.Between those elections, U.S. economic activity has grown increasinglyconcentrated in large, "superstar" metropolitan areas such as Silicon Valley andNew York.But it's not the case that the counties Clinton won have grown richer at theexpense of the rest of the country - they represent about the same share of theeconomy today as they did in 2000. Instead, it appears that, compared with Gore,Clinton was much more successful in winning over the most successful counties ina geographically unbalanced economy.The Brookings analysis found that counties with higher GDP per capita were morelikely to vote for Clinton over Trump, as were counties with higher populationdensities. Counties with higher shares of manufacturing employment were morelikely to vote for Trump."This is a picture of a very polarized and increasingly concentrated economy,"said Mark Muro, the policy director at the Brookings metro program, "with theDemocratic base aligning more to that more concentrated modern economy, but alot of votes and anger to be had in the rest of the country."As Muro notes, many state legislatures are divided on similar grounds, betweenhigher-output metro areas and lower- output rural ones. Often, that dividepushes governors of those states, even the ones who hail from cities, to supporteconomic development in lower-output areas. Such a dynamic could be an upsideunder a president who won votes representing only a third of the country'seconomy: To respond to his voters, Trump could promote policies to help thoseareas adapt more rapidly to the changing economy.There's a downside, though, for a candidate such as Trump, whose economic appealwas rooted in a promise to restore coal, manufacturing and other jobs lost inthe shifts of the past several decades.That task will be difficult, Muro has written, in part because manufacturershave grown substantially more productive in recent years, meaning they probablywon't be adding millions of workers even if Trump pursues major changes in tradepolicy that result in more goods being made in the United States."The prescription isn't that helpful," Muro said. "We're going to have a lot ofquestions about how to translate the political geography into actually helpfulpolicy."From Page A1Police officers help to install concrete barriers around Trump Tower, the homeof President-elect Donald Trump, in New York. The Associated PressWeeds grow around an old building and picket fence in Rocky Ford, Colo. OteroCounty is a rural and increasingly impoverished part of southern Colorado andtwo different economic worlds are writ large in the state. The Associated Press