'We've got to get rid of that Electoral College!" a friend of mine fumed theother day. She was indignant that Donald Trump has been elected president of theUnited States even though Hillary Clinton got two million more votes than hedid.As a long time defender of the Electoral College, I am in a quandary. Although Ibelieve it has served the nation well for nearly 230 years, I can see that itwill lose public support if it contravenes the popular vote too blatantly - asit did in 2000 and 2016.Two fundamental issues clash here - states rights versus one-man, one-vote.The Electoral College is one of the compromises worked out between the bigstates and the small states at the Constitutional Convention in 1787. Itguarantees that even the smallest states will not be forgotten in a presidentialelection. That was why we saw so much energetic campaigning in states like NewHampshire and Utah. In a razor-thin race, which we almost had, even threeelectoral votes might be crucial.In the beginning, there was no such thing as a direct popular vote in apresidential election. The first five presidents were chosen by electors pickedby the legislatures of the states,Not until 1824 were the popular votes even counted. The election that year sawAndrew Jackson topping the field with John Quincy Adams and Henry Clay closebehind. But none of the three won the necessary majority of electoral votes,which sent the issue into the House of Representatives. Jackson thought that hispopular vote showing would give him the presidency, but the Adams and Claybackers joined forces and gave the electoral majority to Adams. A furiousJackson bided his time and whipped Adams in the 1828 election.The quadrennial battles between the Democrats and the Whigs followed the usualpattern for the next three decades. Then, in 1860, Abraham Lincoln's newRepublican party took the White House - the only third party in American historyto achieve that goal.In 1876 came a tawdry development - the exploitation of the Electoral Collegefor political ends. During an election riddled with fraud but clearly being wonby Democrat Samuel Tilden, the Republicans in Washington worked out a deal withthe southern Democrats; in exchange for their votes in the Electoral College.Republican Rutherford B. Hayes agreed to withdraw federal troops from thesouthern states. They had been there since the end of the Civil War, overseeingthe transition from slavery.Things went along pretty much routinely until 1888, when Republican BenjaminHarrison beat President Grover Cleveland, Democrat, in the Electoral Collegewhile losing the popular vote by more than 100,000. But the discrepancy seemsnot to have stimulated much controversy. Four years later, in 1892, Clevelandbeat Harrison and returned to the White House - the only president to serve twonon-consecutive terms.In 1912 came a dramatic demonstration of the difficulty faced by a third partymovement under our electoral system. The third party in that case was TheodoreRoosevelt's Progressive or "Bull Moose" Party. Roosevelt, who had been presidentfrom 1902 to 1909, was trying to regain the White House from President WilliamHoward Taft, once TR's close friend and colleague but later his bitter rival.Roosevelt, still widely popular, topped Taft in both electoral and popular votesbut, by splitting the Republican vote, handed the election to Democrat WoodrowWilson.In 1960 came another close election. Although John F. Kennedy is usually listedas having won the popular vote, the facts are not clear. The Democrat totalincludes those votes cast in Alabama for Strom Thurmond. Kennedy's name wasn'teven on the ballot in Alabama. No one knows who won the popular vote in 1960 butit didn't matter. Kennedy won the electoral vote and the presidencyThe 21st Century cast a glaring light on the Electoral College. In the electionof 2000, George W. Bush won the electoral vote and the presidency even though AlGore got a half million more votes. And this year, to the shock of manyDemocrats, Donald Trump has won the presidency even though Hillary Clintongarnered two million more votes than he did.It seems likely that an effort will be mounted to "reform" the ElectoralCollege, but switching to a system of popular votes isn't as easy as it sounds.One fear is that it would destroy the two-party system, deemed by some analystsessential to the challenge of governing a huge, fractious nation composed of 50separate states. A multi-party system might result in the winner getting only 30percent or less of the vote - not enough to provide the mandate that a presidentneeds. That sort of mandate requires at least 40 percent of the popular vote,according to many theorists. In 1860 in a four way field, Abraham Lincoln gotabout 40 percent of the vote, and that has become a sort of benchmarkVarious proposals to change the Electoral College are in the offing. Whether anywill pass constitutional muster remains to be seen.Note: Next week's column will appear a day earlier, on Wednesday, Dec. 7, the75th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor, instead of Thursday.-- Albert B. Southwick's columns appear regularly in the Telegram & Gazette.