DALLAS - A Trump presidency will bring a reduction in the attractiveness of themunicipal bond tax exemption, according to the majority of respondents to amarket survey at The Bond Buyer's Transportation / P3 conference in Dallas.When asked how attractive the municipal bond tax-exemption would be to investorsgiven some of President-elect Trump's proposed changes to the tax code, 53% saidit would be reduced though still somewhat attractive, 33% said it would bebroadly the same, and 14% said it would be significantly reduced. No one thoughtit would have no effect.Respondents to the Fitch Live Market Survey, conducted during a paneldiscussion, didn't see much change in U.S. economic performance in Trump's firstyear. Thirty-seven percent said the economy would see tepid growth while 35%said growth would be about the same as this year. Only 10% saw an economiccontraction while 18% expected strong growth.Members of the panel discussion included moderator David Wylie, director at JohnLaing; Saavan Gatfield, senior director at Fitch; Ted Hamer, managing directorat KPMG, James Preusch, chief financial officer of the Alameda CorridorTransportation Authority; and Nicholas Sourbis, managing director at NationalPublic Finance Guarantee Corp.Several questions focused in on the uncertainty regarding economic policyfollowing the U.S. presidential election. Hamer said he expected little changeto be felt in the market."As we look ahead to 2017 as to what the new administration may or may not do,it's anyone's guess right now," he said. "By and large, 'the status quo willprevail' is probably a safe assumption."Respondents were evenly split when asked how confident they were that Trumpwould honor his promises on infrastructure investment in the U.S. over the nextfew years. Thirty-two percent said they were somewhat confident while 32% saidthey were not very confident; 23% were very confident and 12% said they were notconfident at all.Preusch said he came down on the side of being somewhat confident."I really see infrastructure as an area where it's far easier to keep thecampaign commitments as to opposed to some of the other ideas that we have heardtouted," he said. "This is one that for the most part is seen as a positive; itwould be helpful to the economy, would be helpful to the employment and wouldproduce benefits that are ongoing. We are still living with many benefits basedon infrastructure from the Eisenhower Administration and it's time to revitalizesome of that as well."When asked which sector would be affected most positively by the newadministration, 59% picked roads followed by 17% who said airports and ports;this was followed at 8% each by those who named transit and rail, water andsocial infrastructure.An overwhelming 76% of the survey respondents said they expect the FederalReserve policy makers to raise interest rates at their December meeting. Only20% said the Fed would keep rates unchanged while 3% said the it would cutrates.When asked how municipal bond issuance in the transportation sector will comparein 2017 with this year, 43% expected it to increase, 34% saw it falling belowthe 2016 level, and 16% said it would be about the same; 7% said they didn'tknow.URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com