DALLAS -- Transportation finance professionals are taking a wait-and-see butoptimistic attitude to the election of Donald Trump as the 45th president of theU.S.Many of the presenters at The Bond Buyer's Transportation Finance/P3 Conferencein Dallas were skeptical of the tax credits that Trump proposed to jump-start $1trillion of infrastructure spending but grateful for a renewed interest in roadand transit funding."There have been some very intriguing developments for transportation at thenational level," said David Narefsky, a partner at Mayer Brown LLP andco-chairman of the conference. "This industry needs to come to an agreement onhow we can help shape this infrastructure policy that seems somewhat unformed atthis time."The outlines of the Trump infrastructure policy are not clear, other than apolicy paper released by the campaign in October, Narefsky said."There are a lot of ideas in there but no details yet," he said. "There are alot of unknowns but all the information we do know about Mr. Trump's policy ontax reform indicates there could be more investment dollars available fortransportation."Trump's election will focus more attention on the nation's infrastructure needs,said Tim Keith, chief executive officer at Texas Central Partners, which wantsto build a privately financed high-speed rail line between Dallas and Houston."Mr. Trump's election has reinvigorated the national conversation aboutinfrastructure," Keith said. "It is paradigm shift from a leadershipperspective."Trump is a different type of politician, said Karen Hedlund, director of P3s forParsons Brinkerhoff."When was the last time you heard a Republican say we needed more money forinfrastructure?" she said. "Democrats don't want to put money into a publicproject that makes money for private investors, and Republicans don't want toput public money into anything."The good news is that both presidential candidates focused on how transportationinfrastructure construction and maintenance can create high-paying jobs, saidRon Davis, managing director at Hilltop Securities."We're in a new era," Davis said. "The issue of the tax credits is somethingthat we are still trying to quantify. Republicans and Democrats agree thattransportation is a must, but the question is how we get there."P3 proponents are looking for more flexibility from the Trump administration onmethods that could open more projects up to private investors and speed theprocurement process, said Ted Hamer, managing director at KPMG Corporate FinanceLLC."Everybody is trying to interpret what the Trump plan means," he said. "We'relooking for more flexibility, like giving all states the authority to toll theirexisting interstate capacity and getting federal loans into the financing planquicker than it happens now."David Leininger, chief financial officer of Dallas Area Rapid Transit, said thenext few years could be interesting for transit agencies."It will be challenging," he said. "Some of the names being floated forsecretary of transportation don't give me much comfort."The linchpin of Trump's 10-year, $1 trillion "American Infrastructure First"would be $137 billion of tax credits to be authorized by Congress.The tax credits would be available only to investors in revenue-producingprojects, such as toll roads, toll bridges, and airports, said Trump economicsadvisor Peter Navarro, a business professor at the University of California atIrvine.Companies could bring their overseas earnings into the U.S. at a reduced incometax rate of 10% rather than the current 35%. The tax credits would allowcompanies to avoid any tax liability by investing $122 million of therepatriated profits into tolls roads, toll bridges, and other revenue-producingprojects, Navarro said.URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com