WASHINGTON - Donald Trump's presidential victory has dimmed hopes for revivingthe Israeli-Palestinian peace process, and analysts say Israel may be givencarte blanche from his administration.American presidents have long struck a delicate balance in the conflict,stressing the close U.S. friendship and lavishing the Jewish state with aid. Butrecent presidents also have tried to negotiate, and they have called out Israelfor actions seen as undermining peace efforts, such as expanding settlements inthe occupied West Bank.Trump's role can't be easily predicted.A foreign policy novice, the billionaire businessman takes pride in hisdeal-making skills and says he'd love the challenge of negotiating a Mideastagreement. He told the New York Times on Monday that it "would be such a greatachievement." He said his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, an observant Jew and aclose adviser, might help make that happen.Last December, Trump told the Associated Press that he wanted to be "veryneutral" and try to get both sides together. But his tone became decidedly morepro-Israel as the campaign progressed. He has spoken disparagingly ofPalestinians, saying they have been "taken over" by or are condoning militantgroups. Some of his top aides challenge the legitimacy of Palestinian demandsfor a state and have claimed that the Palestinians are a made-up people.That has cast doubt on whether he would ever question Israeli actions or eventry to serve as a neutral broker."Trump's administration may take a totally hands-off approach," said YousefMunayyer, a political analyst and executive director of the U.S. Campaign forPalestinian Rights. "Israel would have free reign to dominate the Palestiniansforever and ever if there is no external involvement."David Makovsky of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy said thevolatility of the Middle East and of American political parties after a gruelingcampaign have made "the conclusion of a two-state solution very unlikely."Some senior Israeli officials share that view.Cabinet Minister Naftali Bennett, head of the pro-settler Jewish Home party,said after Trump's Nov. 8 election that "the era of a Palestinian state areover." Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman suggested Israel could cut a deal withTrump allowing expanded construction in major settlements while freezingbuilding in isolated parts of the West Bank. That would be a sharp break frompolicy under President Barack Obama.Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been more cautious, congratulating Trumpbut giving no indication on whether he will now change his policies.Previous administrations have given varying amounts of leeway to Israel on theissue of settlements but also have pushed for the two-state solution. PresidentBill Clinton helped broker the Oslo Accord, attempting to establish a frameworkto resolve the conflict. President George W. Bush launched a plan that endorsedan independent Palestinian state existing peacefully alongside Israel. Bothapproaches fizzled, and two rounds of peace talks during the Obama years quicklycollapsed.