LIMA, Peru - Several U.S. allies took aim at Donald Trump's views on globaltrade, while China's president made an impassioned call against the sort ofprotectionism favored by the president-elect, at a summit of Asian-Pacificleaders on Saturday.The Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum is taking place in Peru as worldleaders are on edge over Trump's campaign pledges to protect U.S. jobs bybacking out of the not-yet-implemented Trans-Pacific Partnership andrenegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement.Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto said NAFTA helped workers and companies onboth sides of the border. He expressed concern that the U.S. could be turningits back on a bilateral trade relationship responsible for moving $1 millionworth of goods every minute."In the face of Trump's positioning, we're now in a stage of favoring dialogueas a way to build a new agenda in our bilateral relationship," Pena Nieto toldbusiness leaders. "Mexico, like the entire world, is about to initiate a newstage with the U.S., and in commercial terms we want to give the right value tothis strategic relationship between Mexico and the U.S."New Zealand's Prime Minister John Key spoke more bluntly, saying the "tremendousdespair" triggered by Trump's trade views couldn't be allowed to slow downeconomic integration by the rest of the world."Even if the United States doesn't want to engage in free trade, President Trumpneeds to know other countries do," Key said.He said it was still possible to save the 12-nation TPP negotiated by theadministration of President Barack Obama by introducing cosmetic changes makingit acceptable to Trump or carving out a less ambitious pact among TPPsignatories that leaves out the U.S."I personally think that President Trump will be very much like chairman of thecorporation Trump is," he said. "He's a flexible business guy. He's going torealize he has a role to play."Chinese President Xi Jinping delivered perhaps the most-forceful defense of freetrade, given the size of his economy. In his kickoff speech from Peru, he saidthe best response to rising protectionism would be for APEC's 21 members tonegotiate a free trade area encompassing the entire Pacific Rim."Closed and inclusive arrangements are not the right choice," Xi said, taking aveiled stab at the TPP, which excludes China and is widely seen as an attempt toreassert U.S. dominance in Asia. "Building a free trade area of the Asia-Pacificis a strategic initiative critical for long-term prosperity."Xi's remarks came as Chinese state media blasted Trump for "trade-bashing"rhetoric that threatens global economic stability."The billionaire-turned-politician needs to prove that derailing the globaleconomy has not been one of the reasons why he ran for U.S. president," thatstate-run Xinhua news agency said Saturday.Obama warned against a rush to judgment on Trump, saying at a town hall on themargins of the summit that it was too early to conclude that the newadministration would wipe out trade deals and create international problems."Don't just assume the worst," he said. "Wait until the administration's inplace" before drawing conclusions.