Che takes on racial issues in specialMichael Che isn't known to shy away from controversy behind the desk of "WeekendUpdate" on "Saturday Night Live." His Netflix comedy special, which beginsstreaming Friday, is no different."Michael Che Matters," predictably, confronts discussions around the Black LivesMatter movement - including its opponents."They don't tell you black lives don't matter," the comedian and former "DailyShow" correspondent tells his audience at Brooklyn's Greenpoint TerminalWarehouse. "That's not what they say - that's not the argument. They hit youwith that slick (expletive). Like, well, 'All lives matter.' Really, semantics?That would be like if your wife came up to you and was like, 'Do you love me?'And you're like, 'Baby, I love everybody, what are you talking about?'"The one-hour special also finds Che sharing his opinion on president-electDonald Trump. "I actually like Donald Trump, to be honest with you," he says,leading to a few audible boos. Che's response? "Shut up.""I don't think he should be president," Che clarifies. "But I do think he's ...hilarious and he should be my best friend."Two sentenced in Danish celebrity-snooping case - When Denmark's main gossipmagazine in 2008 reported that newlywed Prince Joachim and his second wife werein Canada on their honeymoon, the magazine credited good sourcing.A court called it a crime.On Thursday, Judge Mette Lyster Knudsen sentenced a former employee of apayment-processing company for providing the magazine with information on creditcard payments of 135 Danish royals and other celebrities, enabling them to trackpeople.Peter Bo Henriksen, who got information through his previous job with the Netscompany, was sentenced to 18 months. The judge said that over four years,Henriksen "systematically and under aggravating circumstances had unlawfullyobtained information on a wide range of publicly known persons' credit cardtransactions."Henrik Qvortrup, the magazine's former chief editor, was sentenced to 15 months,of which 12 were converted to 200 hours' community service.CELEBRITY BIRTHDAYSDirector Kathryn Bigelow is 65. TV personality Bill Nye is 61. Jazz musicianMaria Schneider is 56. Drummer Charlie Benante is 54. Drummer Mike Bordin is 54.Actor Fisher Stevens is 53. Actress Robin Givens is 52. Actor Michael Vartan is48. Rapper Skoob is 46. Rapper Twista is 44. Actor Jaleel White is 40. ActressAubrey Peeples is 23.