CHICAGO - Immigration hotlines are buzzing. Legal clinics are seeing an influxof clients. Public schools are fielding frantic questions from parents andstudents.Since the election, President-elect Donald Trump's tough talk on immigration hasstirred anxiety nationwide among immigrants regardless of legal status. They areturning to lawyers, schools, advocacy groups and congressional offices for help."We're operating with a lot of unknowns, and a certain amount of fear comes withthat," said Vanessa Esparza-López, a managing attorney at the Chicago-basedNational Immigrant Justice Center.In Chicago, a hotline run by the state's largest immigrant-rights group receivedmore than 330 calls in the week after the election, compared with the usual 100or so. Denver school officials sent a letter to parents in response to questionsabout the election's effect on students living in the country illegally.The New York Legal Assistance Group said it's receiving 40 to 60 daily callsabout immigration, up from 20 to 30. The Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rightsof Los Angeles reported 19 walk-ins on a single day, all with citizenshipquestions.The most urgent inquiries have been from young people benefiting from a 2012federal program started by President Barack Obama's administration that allowsimmigrants brought to the country illegally as children to avoid deportation andget work permits. About 740,000 people have participated in the Deferred Actionfor Childhood Arrivals system.Attorneys say the program is vulnerable because it was created by executiveorder, not by law, leaving new potential applicants second-guessing whether tosign up.Andrea Aguilera, 20, who attends a suburban Chicago college, feels in limbo withher DACA paperwork expiring next year.She was brought across the Mexican border illegally at age 4 and largely kepther immigration status secret until she was able to get a work permit throughDACA four years ago. She's since worked as a grocery store cashier and as afinance office intern at a Chicago organization. Two of her siblings are in theprogram. Another is a U.S. citizen."It's been hard to focus on school," Aguilera said. "I just don't know what'sgoing to come next for us."During the campaign, Trump pledged to deport the estimated 11 million immigrantsliving in the country illegally and to build a border wall. The Republicanpresident-elect has not detailed how he will proceed and recently walked backthe number of anticipated deportees.The Center for Immigration Studies, which advocates for lower immigrationlevels, explained the spike in activity as uncertainty about whether currentlaws would be enforced by Trump's administration. Jon Feere, a legal analyst atthe Washington-based research organization, said those enrolled in DACA wereaware of the risks when they signed up. Others should have little concern."Those who are in compliance with the law have nothing to worry about," he said.'TRUST AND UNITY'Still, even immigrants with permanent legal status have had questions since theelection.Attorneys and immigrant organizations said green card holders feel new urgencyto ensure that paperwork such as a renewal application is in order over fearsthat laws could change under a new administration. Most immigrants can seekcitizenship three to five years after getting a green card.Roughly 9 million green card holders are currently eligible for citizenship,according to the most recent Department of Homeland Security statistics. Somecitizens also sought clarity about when they could sponsor family membersabroad."People need reassurance," said Irina Matiychenko, who leads the immigrantprotection unit at the New York Legal Assistance Group. "People need guidance."In Phoenix, local leaders planned a weekend meeting about being an immigrant inArizona as an effort to "guide us on the path of trust and unity."Staff members at the Chicago office of Rep. Luis Gutierrez, D-Ill., reported anuptick in activity with at least 60 new applications for citizenship the pasttwo weeks.