NEW YORK - Nearly every morning since their father's stunning victory onElection Day, three of Donald Trump's grown children walk through the TrumpTower lobby and board an elevator. But are Don Jr., Ivanka and Eric going to thecampaign office on the fifth floor? Their business offices on the 25th floor?The president-elect's penthouse on the 56th floor?That uncertainty highlights the multiple roles the children play for theirfather. For the past year, the lines were constantly blurred between politicalcampaign and business empire, raising questions about a potential conflict ofinterest between Trump's White House and his sprawling business interests.The children are poised to wield incredible influence over their father, even ifthey don't follow him to Washington. Trump said consistently during the campaignthat if he won, those children would stay in New York and run his business. Butthe three - plus Ivanka's husband, Jared Kushner - were all named to thetransition team's executive committee.So far, they've been heavily involved in shaping the new administration. They'vesat in on meetings and taken late-night calls from their father. They advocatedfor making Reince Priebus, the Republican National Committee chairman, the WhiteHouse chief of staff. They counseled against bringing back Corey Lewandowski,Trump's first campaign manager, who was fired in June on their advice.On Thursday, Ivanka Trump and Kushner were present for the president-elect'smeeting with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at Trump Tower.Trump has insisted he will build a wall between his White House and his companyby placing his holdings into a blind trust, but with his children as itstrustees. Federal requirements state that independent outsiders must run suchtrusts."We are in the process of vetting various structures with the goal of theimmediate transfer of management of The Trump Organization and its portfolio ofbusinesses to Donald Jr., Ivanka and Eric Trump as well as a team of highlyskilled executives," Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks said. She said the structure"will comply with all applicable rules and regulations."Trump's company would be the largest business portfolio to belong to a modernsitting president. Federal ethics rules would allow Trump to run his businessinterests from the White House, or, perhaps more likely, influence decisionsmade by his children.That raises concerns about conflicts of interest. For example, Trump could setdomestic policy while making deals abroad that could affect his corporation.Kellyanne Conway, a senior adviser, disputed the idea that the Trump children'sinvolvement in the transition could lead to a breach of trust."You're presuming that they are doing certain things that they should not bedoing," Conway said. "They are his children. And they've been his businesscolleagues for a long period of time. They obviously will support their fatheras president."But the potentially problematic entanglement revealed itself this past week whenIvanka Trump's company promoted a $10,800 bracelet she wore during a "60Minutes" interview on CBS. The spokeswoman for the company later apologized.The children - they were not made available for interviews - are limited in whatformal role they could take in a Trump administration.Congress passed an anti-nepotism law in 1967 that prohibits the president fromappointing a family member to work in the office or agency they oversee. Themeasure was passed as a reaction to President John F. Kennedy appointing hisbrother Robert as attorney general.But the law does not appear to prevent the children - or Kushner, who is one ofTrump's closest aides and is said to be weighing a White House role - fromserving as unpaid advisers or providing informal counsel.The three grown children - their mother is Ivana Trump, Trump's first wife -delivered well-received speeches at this summer's Republican National Conventionin which they tried to humanize their father.Don Jr. and Eric were staples on conservative radio and on the road, trekking tocampaign offices and small rallies across battleground states such as Ohio andNorth Carolina. Ivanka Trump, meanwhile, was utilized in some of the campaign'sbiggest moments, including introducing her father before his convention speech,unveiling his family leave plan and campaigning across the crucial Philadelphiasuburbs.Another daughter, Tiffany Trump, a recent college graduate whose mother isTrump's second wife, Marla Maples, also made appearances on her father's behalf.Trump's youngest child, Barron, 10, whose mother is the president-elect'scurrent wife, Melania, is enrolled at a private school in Manhattan. Trump saidSunday that Melania Trump and their son would move to Washington after theschool year ended.For the three eldest Trump children, there were bumps in the road.Eric and Ivanka were the subject of some embarrassing headlines when it wasrevealed that they were not registered to vote in time for their father in theNew York primary. An African big-game safari Eric and Don Jr. took drewcriticism from animal rights activists. And Don Jr. has received criticism fortweeting images likening Syrian refugees to a poisoned bowl of Skittles candyand a cartoon character appropriated by white supremacists.But now they stand poised to be the most influential presidential children indecades, as recent White House offspring have been far younger than the eldestTrump children, who are all in their 30s. During the campaign, Eric Trumpinsisted that the children's main focus "was the company," but "we'd always beone phone call away" if needed, the younger Trump told the Associated Press inMay.