The controversy over drilling for oil in the Atlantic Ocean has been reignitedby the election of Donald Trump, and environmentalists and coastal businessessay it could be the first major fault line that divides them from the newpresident.The administration of President Barack Obama has moved to restrict access tooffshore oil drilling leases in the Atlantic, as well as off Alaska. Commercialoil production has never happened off the East Coast - and environmentalistsconsider that a major victory during Obama's tenure.But President-elect Trump has said that he intends to use all available fuelreserves for energy self-sufficiency - and that it's time to be opening upoffshore drilling.While supporters say that expanded oil exploration is poised to become one ofTrump's signature accomplishments, environmentalists and other opponents see oildrilling policy as a looming conflict. Jacqueline Savitz, vice president of theocean conservationist group Oceana, said she fears a return to the hard-foughtstruggles environmentalists faced with the previous Republican administration."We're hoping we're not about to fall back into the 'drill, baby, drill' way ofthinking," she said. "Offshore drilling in the Atlantic is not a goodinvestment."The American Petroleum Institute, a key voice of the oil and gas industries, haslong said more aggressive drilling is needed for the U.S. to remain a worldleader in energy production. The group accused Obama in May of lacking along-term "vision" for fossil fuels extraction; its leaders say that Trump'spresidency represents a new dawn and that they intend to hold him to his wordabout fossil fuels.One of Trump's favorites to lead the Environmental Protection Agency is MyronEbell, director of the Center for Energy and Environment at the CompetitiveEnterprise Institute and a prominent rejecter of the scientific consensus onclimate change. He is a longtime ally of the petroleum industry and a critic ofthe agency he would lead.Trump's favorites for energy secretary include Oklahoma oil billionaire HaroldHamm and drilling proponent Rep. Kevin Cramer, R-N.D.A number of coastal business owners and residents have taken stands againstAtlantic drilling, saying it would endanger key industries, such as commercialfishing and tourism. Frank Knapp, a South Carolina businessman who is theco-founder of the 12,000-member Business Alliance for Protecting the AtlanticCoast, said they'll fight any attempts to drill once Trump takes over."I don't know what his personal convictions are, but I do know ... a RepublicanCongress wants to drill every place they can, including off the Atlantic Coast,and we're very concerned that they will push Trump to accomplish that," he said.