WASHINGTON - Pending recounts, runoffs and challenges, Republicans are poised tohave a 241-194 advantage in the U.S. House of Representatives come January. Butthat only tells part of the story of the GOP's dominance of the people's chamberin the Nov. 8 elections.More than half of the Democratic caucus in the House will come from just sixstates: California, New York, Illinois, Florida, Texas and Massachusetts. One ofevery four House Democrats will be from either California or New York.Fundamentally, Missouri reflected broader trends across the country. It flippedthe governorship from Democrat to Republican, and the GOP held its dominance inU.S. House seats, where it won six of eight, and in the state legislature.Hillary Clinton won the popular vote on Nov. 8, rekindling a fresh debate aboutthe Electoral College. But down ballot, her Democratic Party sufferedresounding, and in some cases, historic losses.Republicans will hold 39 of the 57 U.S. House seats in the Great Lakes-Rust Beltstates of Pennsylvania, Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin, states that flipped fromDemocrat to Republican in the presidential race, giving Donald Trump theelectoral votes necessary to become the next president.Pending challenges and recounts, Republicans also won 13 of the 18 racesconsidered the closest going into Election Day.And they dominated in U.S. House races in Eastern Seaboard states that Democratshave touted as trending their way in presidential elections:- In North Carolina, which ousted a Republican governor but was won narrowly byTrump, Republicans will hold 10 of 13 House seats come 2017.- In Virginia, a linchpin of Barack Obama's two presidential victories,Republicans will have seven of 11 House seats. Clinton barely won the statedespite having popular Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia as her running mate.- In Georgia, which Clinton's camp was touting as a potential takeover of alongtime Republican state and a harbinger of a big Clinton victory, Republicanswill hold 10 of 14 House seats.Democrats did poorly even in big states with significant Hispanic populations,and in swing states where Democrats were touting their House chances in tandemwith Clinton. Republicans will hold 25 of 36 Texas House seats, and 16 of 27 inFlorida.Part of the GOP dominance is due to ideology, but some can be attributed tofavorable drawing of congressional district lines. And the Nov. 8 results onstate ballots paint a grim picture for Democrats hoping to redraw congressionaldistricts to their party's advantage.State legislatures and governors control the drawing of congressional districtsin most states, and Democrats now control less than one-third of statelegislative bodies in the country.Pending final certification, 33 of the 50 governors in 2017 will be Republicans.Republicans flipped governorships in Missouri, Vermont and New Hampshire.Democrats took the North Carolina governorship from a Republican incumbent.Republicans have gained more than 800 state legislative seats during Obama'spresidency, and now have 4,160 of the 7,383 legislative seats around thecountry, according to data supplied Wednesday by the National Conference ofState Legislatures. Republicans now control 66 of the 98 legislative chambers inthe country. In addition, the Connecticut Senate is tied and control of the NewYork state Senate is still undecided, according to the NCSL.And the Kentucky state House went Republican for the first time since 1921. Thisnow means that every legislative body in the Civil War-era South or borderstates will be controlled by Republicans.