DETROIT - President-elect Donald Trump claimed Thursday that he persuaded thechairman of Ford Motor Co. not to move an assembly plant to Mexico fromKentucky. But Ford never intended to move the plant, just production of one ofthe vehicles it makes.Trump said in a tweet that Bill Ford, the company's executive chairman,telephoned him with the news that a "Lincoln plant" would stay in Louisville.Instead Ford decided to keep production of the Lincoln MKC small SUV at theLouisville Assembly Plant. Ford had previously said it would move production ofthe MKC out of the plant in order to build more Ford Escapes there.A factory in Cuautitlan, Mexico, was likely to get the MKC. Under a contractnegotiated last year with the United Auto Workers, Ford agreed to invest $700million in the Louisville plant in return for moving production of the MKC.Because Escape production would increase, no Louisville jobs would be lost.It's possible the decision to keep the MKC in Kentucky was made before theelection, because Escape sales have been falling since July and additionalproduction capacity in Louisville may not be needed.On Friday, Ford would say only that the MKC decision was "recent," butspokeswoman Christin Baker wouldn't say exactly when it was made or whetherTrump directly influenced it.The MKC and Escape are essentially the same vehicle and are now built by thesame workers on the same assembly line. But while Ford has sold over 258,000Escapes this year, it's sold only about 21,000 MKCs. So, moving the MKC wouldhave had little impact on the factory even if Escape production was notincreased.Still, Trump claimed credit for saving a factory from moving to Mexico. "Iworked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it tothe great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!" Trump said in one oftwo tweets on the subject. His initial tweet said: "Just got a call from myfriend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping theLincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico."Ford Motor Co. and Trump have engaged in a yearlong feud over the automaker'splans to move production south of the border. The company plans to shiftsmall-car production from suburban Detroit to Mexico to improve profitability ofthe lower-priced cars. CEO Mark Fields said Tuesday that the presidentialelection didn't change the company's plan.