It's Drake's night to shineDrake, who has skipped his share of awards shows in recent years, shined at the2016 American Music Awards, winning two trophies and debuting a commercial forApple Music.The rapper, the leading nominee, won favorite artist - rap/hip-hop and favoritealbum - rap/hip-hop for "Views" on Sunday. He was nominated twice in thecategory, and he broke Michael Jackson's record for most AMA nominations afterscoring 13 nominations.He also debuted a funny commercial of him singing Taylor Swift's "Bad Blood"while working out - which comes after she was in an Apple Music commercialsinging his song "Jumpman" while running on the treadmill.Bruno Mars kicked off the AMAs with some funk: He sang his hit "24K Magic."Men strumming their guitars while singing was one of the night's themes: OneDirection's Niall Horan slowed things down for his solo single, "This Town";James Bay sang his single "Let It Go"; and Shawn Mendes performed his hit "TreatYou Better" and the aching "Mercy."Twenty one pilots won favorite duo or group-pop/rock, taking home the firstaward of the night.Trump lashes out again at 'overrated' musical - President-elect Donald Trump, inthe midst of choosing his Cabinet, took time out Sunday for a second day tocriticize the cast of the Broadway musical "Hamilton" and demand an apology fora message an actor delivered from the stage to Trump's running mate about theneed for diversity in America. But Vice President-elect Mike Pence said hewasn't offended by the message.Pence said on "Fox News Sunday" that he heard the boos and cheers when he walkedinto the Richard Rodgers Theatre with his nephew and daughter on Friday night tosee the show. He said he told his daughter: "That's what freedom sounds like."Trump had a different take on the message from cast member Brandon Victor Dixon,who had expressed his concerns in a prepared speech after the curtain call aboutthe incoming Republican administration.Trump tweeted Saturday that Pence had been "harassed" by the cast. On Sunday, herepeated his call for an apology - and added a dig at the critically acclaimedshow."The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, shouldimmediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior," he tweeted.When prompted by Trump for an apology, Dixon responded on Twitter that"conversation is not harassment sir" and added that he appreciated Pence'sstopping to listen."Hamilton" wasn't the only show that Trump took issue with over the weekend. Hetweeted that "Saturday Night Live" is a "totally one-sided, biased show -nothing funny at all."West lashes out, too - at Beyoncé, Jay Z - Just days after telling fans that hewould have voted for Donald Trump, Kanye West delivered another screed Saturday,this time about Beyoncé and Jay Z at the Sacramento, Calif., stop of his SaintPablo Tour.Captured on video by concertgoers, West told the audience he heard Beyoncérefused to perform at the MTV Video Music Awards unless she won Video of theYear over him, and he urged her husband Jay Z to call him.West said he was putting his life and career at risk by talking to fans "likethis."Those in attendance said on social media that West then played only a few songsbefore ending the concert.celebrity birthdaysActor Joseph Campanella is 92. Actor Laurence Luckinbill is 82. Actress MarloThomas is 79. Actress Goldie Hawn is 71. Keyboardist Lonnie Jordan is 68.Actress Cherry Jones is 60. Actress Nicollette Sheridan is 53. Singer Bjork is51. Rapper Pretty Lou is 45. TV host Michael Strahan is 45. Singer Carly RaeJepsen is 31. Actor Sam Palladio is 29.From news services