WASHINGTON - The military parade for Donald Trump has come early. Two monthsbefore Inauguration Day festivities, an extraordinary number of recently retiredgenerals, including some who clashed with President Barack Obama'sadministration, are marching to the president-elect's doorstep for jobinterviews.It's not unusual for an incoming administration to consider a retired generalfor a top position such as CIA director. But Trump has turned to retiredofficers so publicly and in such large numbers that it raises questions aboutthe proper balance of military and civilian advice in a White House led by acommander in chief with no defense or foreign policy experience.The tilt toward military officials may reflect a limited pool of civilianoptions. Many officials from previous Republican administrations politicallydisowned Trump during the campaign, calling him unqualified. And Trump suggestedhe wouldn't want many of them, as he vowed to "drain the swamp" by runningestablishment figures out of town.Robert Goldich, a retired government defense analyst who has watchedadministrations for 44 years, said Trump's focus on retired generals might beunprecedented.The only one announced for a top job thus far is Michael Flynn, a retiredthree-star Army general. Trump appointed Flynn as his national security adviser,a post that is central to a president's decision-making process. Flynn wasforced out as Defense Intelligence Agency director in 2014. Afterward, hestrongly criticized the Obama administration's approach to fighting the IslamicState group and threw his support to Trump.Among others under consideration are two retired four-star Marine generals -James Mattis for defense secretary and John Kelly for homeland securitysecretary. Other names surfacing include retired Army Gen. Jack Keane and DavidPetraeus, the retired four-star general who was Obama's CIA director in 2011-12.Petraeus resigned amid disclosure that he had an affair with his biographer andshared highly classified information with her.In remarks to The New York Times on Tuesday, Trump spoke about the Pentagon postin ways that offer insight into why he is attracted to former generals such asMattis."I think it's time maybe, it's time for a general," Trump said, suggesting hefavored a military mindset. "Look what's going on. We don't win, we can't beatanybody."Kelly retired this year after a storied career capped by commanding the U.S.Southern Command, where he differed with the White House over closing theGuantanamo Bay prison and expressed doubts about the administration's moves toopen all combat jobs to women.Bing West, a Vietnam War veteran and former assistant secretary of defense, saidTrump's outreach to retired generals was wise."Our country is fighting a long war. It's common sense to seek the experience ofthose who have proven they know how to fight," he said in an email exchange.The concern about undue military influence derives from a long U.S. tradition ofcivilian control of the military, which is the basis for a ban on active-dutyofficers' running the Pentagon. The Constitution affirms civilian control bymaking the president the commander in chief and giving Congress the authority todeclare war and fund the military.The appointment of too many generals to high civilian positions could promptfear that Trump is on a path to militarizing U.S. foreign policy or giving themilitary too much sway in decisions about war and peace.But that view was rejected by Richard Fontaine, president of the Center for aNew American Security, a Washington think tank. In an interview, he noted thatit was President George W. Bush's civilian advisers who pushed hardest to launchthe 2003 Iraq invasion."In my experience, veterans have been less likely than the civilians to advocatefor military intervention abroad," said Fontaine.Still, some retired generals are leery of Trump stacking his national securityteam with warriors."The biggest fear is too many generals in politics. That's not a good thing,"said Mark Hertling, a retired three-star Army general who opposed Trump. "Butgiven the lack of knowledge of a president who knows nothing about diplomacy orthe military, they might provide some very good advice."