ST. LOUIS - Surveying the wreckage of Election Day, Missouri Democrats trudgetoward a new year in which they will hold few levers of power and face one bigquestion: What now?The answer that's emerging, according to party leaders, includes a renewed focuson working-class issues, better communication of the party's strengths and anunwavering certainty that Missouri voters will soon rethink putting theRepublicans so completely in charge."Buyer's remorse is coming," predicted Roy Temple, chairman of the MissouriDemocratic Party. "The priority is to, No. 1, hold the Republicans accountable.They now have control over all the apparatus of government. They willundoubtedly do foolish things, and when they do, Democrats need to point thatout."That kind of political bravado is part of Temple's job, but even he acknowledgeswhat he calls the "structural problem" his Democrats face: With the party'sbiggest names - Chris Koster, Jason Kander, Russ Carnahan - having just lost bigraces, and with few paths for Democratic stars to rise in theRepublican-controlled Legislature, "we have fewer and fewer people in the farmsystem.""By 2018, voters may want a dramatic course correction" from total Republicanrule, said Temple. "The problem will be, there might not be very many Democratsfor them to vote for."In a written statement, Missouri Republican Party Chairman John Hancockindicated he wasn't concerned his party would overreach and spawn a voterbacklash."With economic growth and job-creating policies just around the corner, thefuture is very bright for the people of Missouri and for the Missouri RepublicanParty," Hancock said.Of course, Democrats all over America are downcast since the Nov. 8 elections.But by most measures, the plight of Missouri Democrats going forward is farworse than that of the party nationally.Democrat Hillary Clinton lost the White House, but she won the popular vote,marking the fifth time in the past six presidential elections that moreAmericans voted for the Democrat than the Republican. That doesn't alter theoutcome in the Electoral College, but it does signal future challenges for a GOPthat relies more heavily than ever today on white voters even as the countryturns increasingly nonwhite.It's a different story in Missouri, where some key demographic groups -including African-Americans and Hispanics - have barely edged up,percentage-wise, from their lower-than-the-national-norm levels during the pastgeneration.That probably helped Republican Donald Trump rout Clinton in Missouri onElection Day by almost 20 percentage points, with a campaign that was targetedtoward stoking white resentment of liberal "political correctness" and illegalimmigration from Mexico. It was the widest margin of victory here in apresidential race since Ronald Reagan's historic landslide over Walter Mondalein 1984.Trump's coattails were enormous. Bucking Missouri polls that had indicatedseveral tight races, Republicans easily swept all six statewide offices on theballot, including a crucial U.S. Senate seat, and held their veto-proofmajorities in both chambers of the Legislature."One of the lessons that was apparent to me was the importance of who is at thetop of the ticket," said Missouri state Rep. Tracy McCreery, D-Creve Coeur. Inthe case of Clinton versus Trump, she said, that translated into "a lack ofurban turnout and an increase in rural turnout. [Trump] awoke a lot of people inthe rural areas who don't normally vote."Hancock argues that the GOP's success here on Election Day wasn't just a matterof Trumpian coat tails but also was due to strong state candidates and "a strongcommitment to conservative government" among the voters.After the election winners are seated in January, the two lone MissouriDemocrats holding statewide elective office will be U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill,who recently labeled herself the "underdog" when her seat comes up in 2018; andstate Auditor Nicole Galloway, who wasn't elected to that post but was appointedby Gov. Jay Nixon, a Democrat, after the suicide in February 2015 of Auditor TomSchweich, a Republican.McCaskill recently told the Post-Dispatch that Democrats had to do a better jobin convincing working-class voters that Democrats are on their side. "My partyhas done a terrible job of communicating how hard we are working for people inhourly jobs," she said.Others in the party, both in Missouri and nationally, have echoed thatsentiment, after watching the Republicans snatch away what had been a keyDemocratic voting bloc since the days of Bill Clinton."People, in their frustration, supported people who will be actively workingagainst their interests," said Temple, referring to working-class voters."Certainly, the Democrats need to be more effective at articulating that."They may get that chance right off the bat, with the expected Republican move tomake Missouri a "right to work" state, weakening the bargaining power of laborunions. It's part of a national partisan battle, with Republicans claiming itwill create jobs and Democrats warning it will lower wages.The GOP-led Legislature has been trying for years to institute right to workover the opposition of Nixon, the outgoing Democratic governor. RepublicanGovernor-elect Eric Greitens made his support for it a central pillar of hiscampaign.For the new, all-Republican Missouri government not to press it into law, andquickly, would be a startling backtrack. But in doing it, they could findthemselves at odds with many of the blue-collar supporters who put them intooffice.On the other hand, said Dave Robertson, political scientist at the University ofMissouri-St. Louis, the fact that right-to-work is likely to be implementedquickly could, in itself, make it harder for Democrats to organize their laborallies around it in future elections."An issue like right-to-work can unite people" in the labor movement who areagainst it, said Robertson. "But implementing right-to-work can certainly weakenthe labor unions, too," hitting Democrats in a key area of their support.In addition to the urgency of winning back those working-class white voters,Missouri Democrats have a special challenge in that they operate in a statewhere the national Democrats' social-issue agenda simply won't fly."Clearly [Missouri] Democrats are going to have to take pretty moderatepositions and be open to coalitions with people who have strong opinions on gunrights and abortion" that don't match the national Democrat Party's platform,Robertson said."They need to focus on economic issues. All of those issues that were brought tothe floor by Trump are things that Democrats can address ... but they sort oflet that go."McCreery acknowledged that the Nov. 8 outcome "was like getting the rug pulledout from under us," especially in the wake of pre-election polls that showedClinton winning the presidency and Missouri Democrats with strong chances ofwinning the governor's office, the U.S. Senate seat and other offices.But when asked how Democrats can regroup after such a drubbing, she noted howquickly a political party's fortunes can change. "A little while ago," shenoted, "most people were asking that same question about the demise of theRepublican Party."