ATLANTA - Donald Trump's disavowal last week of white supremacists who havecheered his election as president hasn't quieted concern about the movement'simpact on his White House or whether more acts of hate will be carried out inhis name.Members of the self-declared "alt-right" have exulted over the Nov. 8 resultswith public cries of "Hail Trump!" and reprises of the Nazi salute. The Ku KluxKlan plans to mark Trump's victory with a parade next month in North Carolina.Civil rights advocates have recoiled, citing an uptick in harassment andincidents of hate crimes affecting African-Americans, Jews, Muslims, Latinos,gays, lesbians and other minority groups since the vote.The president-elect has drawn repeated criticism for being slow to offer hiscondemnation of white supremacists. His strongest denunciation of the movementhas not come voluntarily, only when asked, and he occasionally trafficked inretweets of racist social media posts during his campaign.Further, Trump has named Stephen Bannon, the conservative media provocateur whoshaped the final months of Trump's campaign, as a White House chief strategistwho will work just steps from the Oval Office. Bannon's appointment has becomeas a flashpoint for both sides.Trump's detractors and his "alt-right" supporters broadly agree on one thing: Itmay not even matter what Trump himself believes, or how he defines his ownideology, because his campaign rhetoric has emboldened the white identitypolitics that will help define his administration."Those groups clearly see something and hear something that causes them tobelieve he is one who sympathizes with their voice and their view. ... DonaldTrump has to take responsibility for that," said Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md.,who is black. He was among 169 members of Congress who signed a letter opposingBannon's White House appointment.White nationalist leader Richard Spencer said he believed Trump, Bannon and the"alt-right" were "all riding in the same lane." Spencer explained that neitherTrump nor Bannon was a movement "identitarian," Spencer's preferred term for hisracially driven politics.But Spencer said Trump's election validated Spencer's view that America mustreject multiculturalism and "political correctness" in favor of its white,Christian European heritage.Spencer's group, the National Policy Institute, drew headlines for their recentgathering where some attendees mimicked the Nazi salute as they feted Trump.Spencer said the salutes were "ironic exuberance" that "the mainstream mediadoesn't get."But at the Anti-Defamation League, which tracks incidents of anti-Semitism, OrenSegal said it was part of a disturbing postelection atmosphere tied to Trump's17-month campaign.Before, Segal said, it wasn't "surprising" for the ADL to get calls about aswastika, the Nazi insignia, defacing public or private property. "What'ssurprising now," he said, "are the references to the campaign" in the incidents."'Make American White Again' ... 'Go Trump' with the swastika," he said. "Thatis unique."Trump was asked about the rash of incidents during a postelection interview onCBS' "60 Minutes." Trump said he was "saddened," and he looked into the cameraand said, "Stop it." But Trump has steadfastly defended his hiring of Bannon,who previously led the pro-Trump website Breitbart and in July described it as a"platform for the alt-right" - just a month before he took the job running theRepublican nominee's campaign.Jared Taylor, editor of the white supremacist magazine American Renaissance,said Trump bore some responsibility for his pitched rhetoric, which includeddescribing Mexican immigrants as "rapists" at the outset of his campaign andproposing a ban on all Muslim immigrants. But Taylor said Trump was stillunfairly maligned as a white supremacist and racist because he "cares aboutAmericans already here."But white supremacist imagery was a common sight at Trump rallies. Pepe thefrog, a cartoon character appropriated by the white supremacist movement onsocial media, appeared on dozens of T-shirts and signs. The "Make America GreatAgain" motto was seen by some as a call back to the nation's simpler, whiterpast. While the businessman's campaign never actively courted votes from themovement, it did recognize the long-term fears that some whites feel aboutimmigration.Taylor insisted, "There's nothing Ku Klux Klan about any of this."But, in fact, Trump drew Klan backing.As part of his prolific Twitter use, he has retweeted white nationalist accountsand a famous quote of Benito Mussolini, the 20th century fascist leader ofItaly, saying, "It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as asheep." In February, Trump declined to repudiate former Klan leader David Dukeduring a CNN interview. Afterward, Trump blamed the move on a faulty earpiece,only to come back days later and offer an explicit condemnation.He has several times fallen back on the excuse of merely retweeting when askedabout his controversial social media behavior. In February, he retweeted amessage from the account of a neo-Nazi, which came shortly after he retweetedfalse crime statistics that dramatically overstated the number of whites killedby blacks."Bill, am I gonna check every statistic?" he asked Fox News host Bill O'Reillyat the time. "All it was is a retweet. It wasn't from me."While Trump is quick to blast his foes on Twitter - in recent days that includesThe New York Times and the cast of the Broadway musical "Hamilton" - he has yetto proactively condemn racist acts his win has inspired. His eldest son, DonJr., has used Twitter to liken Syrian refugees to a poisoned bowl of Skittlescandy, and he has posted images of Pepe.