NEW YORK - Donald Trump held court high above Manhattan on Monday, receiving aline of former rivals, longtime allies and TV executives while overseeing apresidential transition that at times resembles a reality show not unlike theone he once hosted.Trump met with nearly a dozen prospective hires, all of whom were paraded infront of the cameras set up in the Trump Tower lobby as they entered an elevatorto see the president-elect. Out of public view himself, he fell back on his TVstar roots by filming a video that touted his legislative goals once he takesoffice.Trump did not immediately announce any appointments after the meetings, whichcame on the heels of a two-day whirlwind of interviews at his golf course inBedminster, N.J.Unlike his predecessors, who often spoke with Cabinet candidates under a cloudof secrecy, Trump has turned the search into a very public audition process. Theextraordinary exercise took on a routine feel on Monday: First, formerMassachusetts Sen. Scott Brown stepped off the gold-plated elevator into themarble-coated lobby after his meeting, to declare to waiting reporters that hewas "the best person" to become Veterans Affairs secretary.Next, Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin, a candidate for Interior secretary, did muchthe same, striding off the lift to say she had "a wonderful discussion" withTrump. Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry declined to speak to reporters, but he didtake time for a photo with the Naked Cowboy, the underwear-sporting,guitar-strumming New York institution who is normally a fixture at Times Squarebut has spent recent days camped out at Trump Tower singing about thepresident-elect.Democratic Hawaii Rep. Tulsi Gabbard, who resigned her post on the DemocraticNational Committee after endorsing Bernie Sanders over Hillary Clinton, also metwith Trump but entered and exited out of sight. She later defended crossingparty lines to meet with Trump about U.S. involvement in Syria, saying in astatement that she would never "play politics with American and Syrian lives."Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, a longtime Trump ally, also arrived with hiswife, Callista, for a meeting.Senior adviser Kellyanne Conway said of the visitors, "Not all of them will bein his Cabinet and his federal government, but they are all incredibly importantin offering their points of views, their experience and certainly their visionof the country."No one was saying whether Trump would announce more appointments before headingto Florida for Thanksgiving. He was planning to leave Tuesday or Wednesday tospend the holiday at his Mar-a-Lago estate, while Vice President-elect MikePence will spend Thanksgiving in Mississippi, where his son, a Marine, isstationed.Trump has largely remained out of sight since winning the election, save for aflurry of brief public appearances over the weekend, often with Pence at hisside, to flash thumbs-ups and provide quick updates on his progress in buildinga government. He remained in the upper floors of his skyscraper Monday, seekingcounsel on the phone and interviewing candidates all while keeping an eye on thecable news coverage of the day's events.The video he made, expected to be released late Monday, continues thepresident-elect's practice of trying to go over the heads of the media and takehis case directly to the American public. Since Election Day, he has twiceditched the group of reporters designated to follow his movements and has so fareschewed the traditional news conference held by the president-elect in the daysafter winning.Trump has not held a full-fledged news conference since July.But the media were clearly on his mind as he met with executives and on-airpersonalities from TV networks. He frequently singled out the media - declaringthem "so dishonest" - for criticism during the campaign, but it's not unusualfor presidents to hold off-the-record meetings with journalists when trying topromote policies or programs.Among the attendees were NBC anchor Lester Holt and "Meet the Press" host ChuckTodd, ABC "Good Morning America" host George Stephanopoulos and anchor DavidMuir, CBS "Face the Nation" host John Dickerson, CNN's Wolf Blitzer and severalexecutives at the networks.