WASHINGTON - President-elect Donald Trump's proposals would modestly cut incometaxes for most middle-class Americans. But for nearly 8 million families -including a majority of single-parent households - the opposite would happen:They'd pay more.Most married couples with three or more children would also pay higher taxes, ananalysis by the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center found. And while middle-classfamilies as a whole would receive tax cuts of about 2 percent, those cuts wouldbe dwarfed by the windfalls averaging 13.5 percent for America's richest 1percent.Trump's campaign rhetoric had promoted the benefits of his proposals formiddle-income Americans."The largest tax reductions are for the middle class," said Trump's "ContractWith the American Voter," released last month.The tax boosts that would hit single parents and large families would resultfrom Trump's plan to eliminate the personal exemption and the head-of-householdfiling status. These features of the tax code have enabled many Americans toreduce their taxable income. His other proposed tax changes would benefitmiddle- and lower-income Americans. But they wouldn't be enough to offset thosemodifications."If you're a low- or moderate-income single parent, you're going to get hurt,"said Bob Williams, a fellow at the Tax Policy Center.During the campaign, Trump said his tax cuts - for individuals and companies -would energize the economy by boosting business investment in factories andequipment, while leaving consumers with more cash to spend. His proposals, hecontended, would help create 25 million jobs over the next decade.But Lily Batchelder, a visiting fellow at the Tax Policy Center and formerdeputy director of President Barack Obama's National Economic Council, estimatesthat about 7.9 million families with children would pay higher taxes. About 5.8million are led by single parents. An additional 2.1 million are marriedcouples.Other analysts, including economists at the conservative Tax Foundation andright-of-center American Enterprise Institute, have agreed with Batchelder'sconclusions.Here's what her analysis finds:Right now, a single parent with $75,000 in income and two children can claim ahead of household deduction of $9,300, plus three personal exemptions. Thosesteps would reduce the household's taxable income by $21,450, to $53,550.Trump's plan would more than double the standard deduction to $15,000. But thatchange would be outweighed by his elimination of personal exemptions andhead-of-household status. So the family's taxable income would be $60,000, andtheir tax bill would be $2,440 more than it is now.A married couple with four children and income of $50,000 would absorb a taxincrease of $1,090 because of their loss of personal exemptions.Still, Trump's plan will probably evolve during congressional negotiationsbefore it becomes law."This is not anywhere close to a final plan," Williams said.Trump's advisers deny that he will raise taxes on middle-income Americans butdon't provide details. Previously, the campaign suggested that Trump wouldbroadly instruct Congress to avoid raising taxes on lower- and middle-incomeworkers.Yet all independent analyses show most of the benefit flowing to the wealthiestAmericans. Nearly half of Trump's tax cuts would go to the top 1 percent ofearners, the Tax Policy Center found. Less than a quarter of the cuts wouldbenefit the bottom 80 percent.Trump proposes to reduce the number of tax brackets to three from seven, withrates of 12 percent, 25 percent and 33 percent. That would slash the top ratefrom the current 39.6 percent. He would repeal the estate tax, which affectsonly about 0.2 percent of estates - those worth above $5.45 million.For middle-income earners as a whole, Trump's proposals would cut taxes, eventaking into account the increases on single-parent families. Those earningnearly $50,000 to about $83,000 - the middle one-fifth - would receive anaverage cut of $1,010, according to the Tax Policy Center. That would lift theirafter-tax incomes 1.8 percent.By contrast, the wealthiest 1 percent - those earning over $700,000 - wouldenjoy a tax cut averaging nearly $215,000, boosting their after-tax incomes 13.5percent. And the richest 0.1 percent - those making above $3.7 million - wouldreceive a bonanza: an average tax cut exceeding $1 million.