MIAMI - Celebration turned to somber reflection and church services Sunday asCuban-Americans in Miami largely stayed off the streets after a raucous daylongparty in which thousands marked the death of Fidel Castro.One Cuban exile car dealer, however, sought to turn the revolutionarysocialist's death into a quintessential capitalist deal by offering $15,000discounts on some models.And on the airwaves, top aides to President-elect Donald Trump promised a hardlook at the recent thaw in U.S. relations with Cuba.At St. Brendan Catholic Church in the Miami suburb of Westchester, a member ofthe chorus read a statement by Archbishop Thomas Wenski about Castro's deathbefore the service. There was no overt mention of Castro during the Sunday Mass.But during the reading of the Prayers of the Faithful, one of the two priestscelebrating the Mass prayed for "an end to communism, especially in Cuba andVenezuela.""Lord, hear our prayers," churchgoers responded.Outside the church, Nelson Frau, 32, a Cuban-American whose parents fled theisland in 1962, said he wasn't surprised that Castro was not mentioned. He saidWenski's statement reflected the role of the Catholic Church in Miami as amediator for peace between the Cubans in Miami and those on the island.Frau said celebrations of Castro's death Saturday on the streets of Miami were a"natural reaction.""Let's not forget that this is an exile community that has suffered a lot over50 years," Frau said. "He's an image of pain to a lot of people. It's acelebration not of his death, but a celebration of the end of this image of painand suffering."The pot-banging, car horn-honking, flag-waving throngs were much thinner inLittle Havana and other Cuban-American neighborhoods on Sunday. People quietlysipped their morning coffee outside the Versailles restaurant - which had put upsigns in Spanish calling itself the "House of the Exiles" - where many of thedemonstrations have been centered along Calle Ocho, or Eighth Street.Later Sunday afternoon, people gathered anew outside the restaurant, forcingpolice to close the street down again as a chanting group carried a large Cubanflag.One group of Cuban exiles held a news conference at the Bay of Pigs museum,which commemorates the failed CIA-backed invasion in 1961. They called for alarge rally Wednesday afternoon in Little Havana.Castro was still on the minds of many, however, including exile Arnaldo Bomninof Bomnin Chevrolet. He was offering $15,000 off on Corvettes and severalsports-utility vehicle models.Bomnin said the idea for the discount sprang from a conversation with amarketing company about a press release discussing his Cuban heritage afterCastro's death. Bomnin said he studied medicine in Cuba, but left the islandafter finding out the government was planning to place him as a doctor with amilitary unit. He arrived in Miami in 1996, and worked at an avocado farm andsold seafood before moving on to real estate and car sales.The offer is not intended as a gimmick to sell more cars and profit fromCastro's death, he said. Instead, it's a way for him to give back to thecommunity and reflect the hope that Miami's Cubans now have for a democraticgovernment on the island."I don't celebrate the death of anybody," he said. "What we're celebrating isthat we're one step closer to democracy in Cuba; we're one step closer tofreedom in Cuba, to a free society in Cuba."Cuba also was a main topic on all the Sunday news programs, particularly Trump'splans for U.S. relations with the communist island and whether he will reversethe thaw pushed by President Barack Obama.Trump's campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, and his incoming chief of staff,Reince Priebus, both said Trump wanted to ensure that Cuba was not benefitingfrom unilateral decisions that didn't benefit the American people or Cubansliving on the island."We're not going to have a unilateral deal coming from Cuba back to the UnitedStates without some changes in their government," Priebus said on "Fox NewsSunday.""Repression, open markets, freedom of religion, political prisoners - thesethings need to change in order to have open and free relationships, and that'swhat President-elect Trump believes," he said.The two aides would not discuss details. And Conway said on ABC's "This Week"that Trump was not flatly opposed to a changed and thawed relationship withCuba."He is open to researching and, in fact, resetting relations with Cuba," shesaid. "But his criticism of what has happened in the last couple of years isvery simple: It's that we got nothing in return."