EVEN THOUGH Hillary Clinton did not make history in the recent election, anotherwoman did. Kellyanne Conway, Donald Trump's campaign manager, became the firstwoman to be victorious as a campaign manager in a presidential race. Conway is aSouth Jersey gal - born in Camden - and she shared some of the secrets to hersuccess in an interview on Wednesday on my radio show.It was clear Conway knew that Trump had broken through in states likePennsylvania, Michigan and even Wisconsin well before the election results camerolling in. She repeatedly made the point that Trump had raised issues such asbad trade deals, stagnating wages and problems with illegal immigration to alevel where traditional Democratic voters were able to vote for him.We also discussed the personal attacks she faces because of her position inaiding Trump. It's almost as if she is seen as being German propagandist LeniRiefenstahl to Trump's Adolf Hitler. She told me she is bombarded with peoplequestioning her about being able to look her four young children in the eyesafter packaging Trump.Conway and I were on opposite sides when discussing Trump's decision to backaway from his campaign promises to pursue Hillary Clinton legally on her emailserver issues and scandals around the Clinton Foundation. Her rationale was thatTrump is looking to heal the country and move forward on big issues. Many Trumpsupporters see this as an ominous sign that he will not fulfill other campaignpromises.I am concerned he might not move to stop the sanctuary city policy of big citiessuch as Philadelphia. Philadelphia's policy is back in the news because, as DaveDavies at www.newsworks.org reports, according to Immigration and CustomsEnforcement, Philadelphia police refused to hand an alleged child rapist who ishere illegally over to federal authorities and later released him on bail. ICElater arrested Dominican national Josue Duran-Cortes after their owninvestigation.This insane policy by Philadelphia puts everyone at risk and is a lawlessmentality that Trump and the Congress must rein in by cutting off federal funds.It will be very interesting to see whether visions of a lawless utopia are stilldancing in Mayor Kenney's head if federal funds are cut off in key areas.Philadelphia also might be affected significantly by Trump's appointment ofBetsy DeVos to be the next secretary of education. DeVos is an heir to the Amwayfortune and has pushed for charter schools and school choice in Michigan. RandiWeingarten, president of the American Federation of Teachers, said, "Trump haschosen the most ideological, anti-public ed nominee since the creation of theDepartment of Education." Given Weingarten's radical anti-choice positions, Ithink DeVos might be a decent choice.On the DeVos nomination, City Councilwoman Helen Gym said, "this extremeideologue" will be able to use her government position to advocate for morecharters, along with vouchers to send more children to private or parochialschools.I wonder whether the tens of thousands of Philadelphia parents on waiting liststo get their kids in private schools will see it the same way. They recognizethe power of being able to choose a school that meets their family's needs.DeVos also will be under fire from conservative activists because she hassupported the federal Common Core plan in the past. The objection is that thesefederal standards are too intrusive and don't allow for enough local control.So in his reversal on not prosecuting Clinton, the nomination of DeVos, somestatements of potential reversal on waterboarding and climate change treaties, Isee in Trump someone who is not a conservative but a populist who will be allover the map in his policies.I don't believe this be will reassuring to those who think they are bravelymounting the resistance against the rise of another Hitler. They might eventhink my analysis is an attempt to further this Hitlerian rise.My advice is come to terms with the real issues that fueled Trump's rise, andcome up with better solutions.Teacher-turned-talk show host Dom Giordano is heard 9 a.m. to noon weekdays onWPHT (1210-AM). Contact him at www.domgiordano.com@DomShow1210