MADISON, Wis. - The tedious task of recounting Wisconsin's nearly 3 millionvotes for president began Thursday, with scores of hastily hired temporaryworkers flipping through stacks of ballots as observers watched their everymove.The action in Wisconsin could soon be duplicated in Michigan and Pennsylvania,where Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein was pushing for recounts.Donald Trump narrowly beat Hillary Clinton in all three states, but recountswere not expected to flip enough votes to change the outcome in any of them.The Wisconsin recount marked the first time in 16 years there was acandidate-driven recount for a presidential election. But it does not carry thesame drama as the Florida presidential recount of 2000, when the outcome of theelection between Al Gore and George W. Bush hung in the balance."This is certainly not Bush v. Gore," said Wisconsin's chief electionsadministrator, Mike Haas.Even so, the campaigns for Trump, Clinton and Stein all had observers spreadthroughout the state to watch the process.The recount will have to move quickly. The federal deadline to certify the voteto avoid having the fate of Wisconsin's 10 electoral votes decided by Congressis Dec. 13. If that were to happen, the votes would almost certainly go toTrump, since Republicans control both chambers of Congress.Most counties will manually recount the ballots, although Stein lost a courtchallenge this week to force hand recounts everywhere. The state's largestcounty, Milwaukee, was recounting the ballots by feeding them through the samemachines that counted them on election night. In Dane County, where Clinton won71 percent of the vote, the ballots were being counted by hand.Workers in Dane County are being paid $20 an hour and will work two shifts overabout 12 hours a day to get the recount done by the deadline, said County ClerkScott McDonell. He didn't expect much change in the results."I think we will be very close to what was reported on election night," McDonellsaid Thursday.Clinton lost to Trump by about 22,000 votes in Wisconsin -- less than apercentage point.Stein has argued, without evidence, that irregularities in the votes in allthree states suggest that there could have been tampering with the vote, perhapsthrough a well-coordinated, highly complex cyberattack."Verifying the vote through this recount is the only way to confirm that everyvote has been counted securely and accurately and is not compromised by machineor human error, or by tampering or hacking," Stein said in a statement Thursday.Stein's critics, including the Wisconsin Republican Party, contend that she ismerely trying to raise her own profile while raising millions of dollars. Steinhas taken in nearly $7 million for the recounts, which is about twice as much asher long-shot presidential campaign raised.The Wisconsin recount was estimated to cost about $3.9 million. Stein paid$973,250 for the requested recount in Michigan.Trump on Thursday objected to a recount of Michigan's presidential votes, atleast delaying the planned Friday start of the recount there until next week.The Board of State Canvassers will meet Friday to hear arguments. The MichiganBureau of Elections said the recount cannot proceed until two business daysafter the four-member, bipartisan board resolves the objection.Trump's attorneys said Stein, who finished fourth in Michigan, is not"aggrieved" by any alleged election fraud or mistake, that a recount could notbe finished on time and that her petition was not properly signed. They saidStein is asking for an expensive, time-consuming recount "on the basis ofnothing more than speculation."Stein countered that Trump's "cynical efforts to delay the recount and createunnecessary costs for taxpayers are shameful and outrageous."In Pennsylvania, a hearing is scheduled for Monday on Stein's push to secure acourt-ordered statewide recount, a legal maneuver that has never been tried,according to one of the lawyers who filed it.Stein's attorneys want a forensic analysis of electronic voting machines inPennsylvania to see if there any evidence that their software was hacked. Butcounties where Green Party-backed voters have sought a recount are refusing todo such forensic examinations.