WASHINGTON - President-elect Donald Trump is tapping a trio of nominees withdeep ties to Washington and Wall Street to fill out his Cabinet, includingformer Goldman Sachs executive Steven Mnuchin as treasury secretary.On Tuesday, Trump also chose Georgia Rep. Tom Price to oversee the nation'shealth care system, picking a fierce "Obamacare" critic who has championedefforts to privatize Medicare. And he selected another veteran Republican,Elaine Chao, to lead the Department of Transportation.Mnuchin's official announcement was expected as early as Wednesday.Mnuchin, 53, led Trump's finance operations during the presidential campaign andbecome close with the president-elect and his family. But he has no governmentexperience, which could prove a hurdle in navigating the tricky politics ofWashington.Price, picked to lead the Department of Health and Human Services after morethan a decade in Congress, helped craft House Speaker Paul Ryan's plan toprivatize Medicare - a position Trump opposed in the campaign. Chao, who was thefirst Asian-American woman to serve in a president's Cabinet - she served underGeorge W. Bush - is married to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.The selections came as Trump spent Tuesday with advisers in his Manhattanskyscraper, racing through meetings with prospective administration hires ashigh-profile vacancies loom - none bigger than secretary of State. FormerMassachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney, on the shortlist for the nation's chiefdiplomat, was to have a private dinner with the incoming president.At the same time, Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein delivered $3.5million to the state of Wisconsin to guarantee a recount in one of the statesthat fueled Trump's unexpected victory. Stein, who is also pursuing recounts inPennsylvania and Michigan, has raised concerns that the results may have beenhacked.Trump has assailed the Green Party effort as a scam and separately has madeunsupported claims of voter fraud in other states.Meanwhile, Price's selection raised questions about the incoming president'scommitment to Medicare, among other popular entitlement programs he repeatedlyvowed to preserve before the election. The Georgia congressman led GOP effortson Capitol Hill to transform Medicare into a voucher-like system, a change thatif enacted, would likely dramatically reduce government spending on the healthcare program that serves an estimated 57 million people.Trump did not address Price's position on Medicare in a statement released byhis transition team. The team did not respond to subsequent questions about it."Chairman Price, a renowned physician, has earned a reputation for being atireless problem solver and the go-to expert on health care policy, making himthe ideal choice to serve in this capacity," Trump said. "He is exceptionallyqualified to shepherd our commitment to repeal and replace Obamacare and bringaffordable and accessible health care to every American."Trump, in a 2015 interview promoted on his campaign website, pledged not to cutexpensive entitlement programs that Republicans have fought for years to cut tohelp reduce the federal deficit."I'm not going to cut Social Security like every other Republican. And I'm notgoing to cut Medicare or Medicaid. Every other Republican's going to cut," Trumptold the Daily Signal.He later changed his mind on Medicaid, embracing the GOP concept of turning theprogram over to the states with a fixed amount of federal "block grant" funding.Like any Cabinet official, Price would carry out the wishes of the president.And a sweeping Medicare initiative would have to go through Congress with someDemocratic support, which would be unlikely.Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders charged that Price "has a long history of wanting todo exactly the opposite of what Trump campaigned on.""Rep. Price has a long history of wanting to cut Social Security, Medicare andMedicaid. What hypocrisy!" Sanders said in a statement.Like Price, Chao is well-known in Washington, having led the Department of Laborfor several years.Her record as labor secretary suggests she would bring a light hand to safetyenforcement as transportation secretary. Under Chao at Labor, the OccupationalSafety and Health Administration didn't issue a single significant new safetyregulation for four years. Mine safety inspectors were cut and inspectionsreduced.Whether it's integrating drones into the national airspace, deployingself-driving cars or "some other new technology, she's not going to beespecially inclined to second guess the industry when they say that this will besafe," said Thomas McGarity, a University of Texas law professor and author of"Freedom to Harm," a book about the Labor Department that includes Chao'stenure.Both Price and Chao would require Senate confirmation. Major Cabinet vacanciesremain.The president-elect summoned Romney for dinner Tuesday night to discuss thesecretary of state job for a second time. He also met with Tennessee Sen. BobCorker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, having met withformer CIA director David Petraeus the day before.After his meeting, Corker told reporters, "The world needs to know that thesecretary of state is someone who speaks fully for the president," a possiblejab at Romney, who aggressively opposed Trump's candidacy.Transition aides said Trump was likely at least a few days away from a decision.