LOS EBANOS, Texas - The people who live in the bustling, fertile Rio GrandeValley, where the U.S. border meets the Gulf of Mexico, think a "virtual wall"of surveillance technology makes a lot more sense. It's already in wide use andexpanding.Erecting a 40-foot concrete barrier across the entire 1,954-mile frontier withMexico, as Trump promised during the presidential campaign, collides head-onwith multiple realities: geology, fierce local resistance and the question ofwho pays the bill.People cackled at Trump's idea that Mexico would willingly deliver the billionsrequired. Mexican officials say they won't. So few locals were surprised whenthe president-elect seemed to soften his position five days after the election,saying the wall could include some fencing."The wall is not going to stop anyone," Jorge Garcia said.Garcia expected to lose access to most of his 30-acre riverside ranch after theU.S. Border Fence Act was enacted a decade ago under President George W. Bush.Garcia is still waiting to see if the Border Patrol will put a fence or wall onthe sliver of land it surveyed and promised to pay $8,300 for.Under the law, 652 miles of border barrier were built, mostly in Arizona. The110 miles of fences and fortified levees that went up in Texas are broken lines,some as much as a mile and a half from the river.The Garcias believe they and the rest of Los Ebanos' villagers were sparedbecause the erosion-prone clay soil is simply too unstable.Geology conspires against wall-building up and down the Rio Grande Valley. Itsaccomplices are a boundary water treaty with Mexico and endangered-species laws.Catwalks and tunnels had to be built into border barriers to accommodate ocelotsand jaguarundi, two species of wild cat.The plentiful breaks in the border barrier, meanwhile, include an entire flankof the River Bend golf club and resort in Brownsville - "gaps of privilege" forthe well-connected, according to one critic.Other landowners fought the Border Patrol in court."The wall might make mid-America feel safer, but for those of us that live onthe border, it's not making us feel any safer when we know that people can goover it, around it, under it and through it," said Monica Weisberg-Stewart,security expert for the Texas Border Coalition, a consortium of regionalleaders.A poll conducted in Southwest border cities in May found 72 percent of residentsopposed to a wall. The Cronkite News-Univision-Dallas Morning News poll hadmargin of error of 2.6 percentage points.Local politicians have found inventive ways to make wall-building palatable. A20-mile stretch in Hidalgo County consisted of a fortified levee topped with afence. In 2010, that levee held back flooding. The cost was about $10 million amile, though.In the Nov. 8 election, only three Texas border counties - all sparselypopulated - went for Trump. The rest are solidly Democratic and back PresidentObama's more lenient immigration policies.The U.S. side of the border is quite safe, Weisberg-Stewart said. "We are not ina war zone."In fact, cross-border trade has been booming. In 2014, more than $246 billionworth of goods and 3.7 million trucks crossed the Texas-Mexico border, accordingto the coalition.While much of the border's Mexican side has been afflicted by drugcartel-related violence, crime in the Rio Grande Valley, home to 1.3 millionpeople, has been consistently lower than other Texas cities.The Border Patrol's buildup after 9/11 is one reason, argues a former chief,David Aguilar. Since 2004, the year he was named to the job, the number ofagents on the southwest border has climbed from 9,500 to more than 17,500.Meanwhile, the number of border apprehensions is down from a peak of 1.6 millionin 2000 to 409,000 in the year ending in September. Nearly half were caught inthe Rio Grande Valley.The Great Recession that began in 2008 made the U.S. less attractive to Mexicanmigrants, and Central Americans fleeing violence and poverty in their homelandsnow account for more than half the arrivals.Many migrants In the Rio Grande Valley turn themselves in at border bridges.After processing, released migrants are given court dates in destination citieswhere relatives typically await. Others are sent to detention centers forfurther interviews about their asylum claims.The Border Patrol nevertheless credits surveillance technology for curbingillegal entries, including tower-mounted surveillance cameras, motion sensorsand laser pointers.Since 2013, the agency has also had five blimp-like aerostats that float from1,000 to 5,000 feet above the valley on tethers and are equipped withremote-controlled cameras. High-flying Predator drones are additional eyes inthe sky, patrolling vast areas of southwest borderlands since 2011.