NEW YORK - Donald Trump's skeptics hope the presidency will reveal a seriousside of the brash businessman. His supporters want him to keep the freewheelingstyle that rattled Washington.In true Trump fashion, so far he's doing both.Trump has soothed some Republican establishment anxieties with many of his earlyCabinet picks, including the respected retired Gen. James Mattis to lead thePentagon and Georgia Rep. Tom Price, an orthopedic surgeon tapped to head theDepartment of Health and Human Services. He's hinted that he's open to shiftingsome of his most controversial policies, including his rejection of climatechange and support for torture. He's been full of praise for President BarackObama and largely respectful of Hillary Clinton, his vanquished campaign rival.But Trump is also refusing to abandon the raucous, stream-of-consciousnessrallies and Twitter tirades that defined his presidential campaign. He'scontinued to level false statements, claiming without evidence that millions ofpeople voted illegally in the election. And he's infused the normally staidCabinet selection process with reality television drama, inviting cameras intohis dinner with Mitt Romney, a leading candidate for secretary of state, andannouncing the secretary of defense pick in an arena, seemingly off the cuff."He was a very unconventional candidate," House Speaker Paul Ryan said. "He'sgoing to be an unconventional president."Despite his tell-it-like-it-is reputation, Trump is fueled by a deep need to beliked, according to long-time associates. He often modulates his tone to hissetting and frequently tries to curry favor with his audience by telling themwhat he thinks they want to hear. He often speaks in vague generalities, hispolicy plans short on details, and that allows supporters to read in what theywish.And sometimes he seems to move in contradictions, as when he made simultaneousappointments of Reince Priebus - a nod to the Washington establishment - andStephen Bannon - a shot across the establishment's bow - to fill two key rolesin his administration, giving opposing factions of his coalition something tocheer.People who meet with the president-elect personally talk about there being "twoTrumps" - the self-promoting celebrity that's seen in public and the amiable andcourteous grandfather who emerges in private."He's charming in person," said John Allison, the former CEO of BB&T, whorecently met with Trump. "He absolutely has a lot of personal charisma."Indeed, Trump has appeared to win over some of his toughest Republican criticssince defeating Clinton. GOP lawmakers have praised all of his Cabinet nominees,some of whom hold more traditionally conservative views than Trump himself.Romney, who was one of Trump's fiercest critics during the campaign, emergedfrom their dinner this week with warm words for a man he'd only recently calleda "phony.""He continues with a message of inclusion and bringing people together and hisvision is something which obviously connected with the American people in a verypowerful way," Romney said in a stunning turnabout for the 2012 GOP nominee.But Trump appears acutely aware that the enthusiastic supporters who propelledhim to the White House are watching carefully to see if he'll back away from hispledges to shake up the political system. Supporters shouted their opposition toRomney being in the Cabinet Thursday as Trump stood on stage in Cincinnati forthe kickoff of a "thank you" tour for voters.Trump gave them plenty else to cheer about, fully re-embracing his firebrand andraucous campaign persona.He took the stage full of swagger and as focused on score-settling as he wasduring the campaign. He spent more than 10 minutes bashing the press, recountinghow the media doubted his chances of winning."These are very, very dishonest people," said Trump, one of several times duringthe night when he incited the crowd to jeer the press gathered in the pen at theback of the arena. "Ok, I love this stuff. Should I go on with this just alittle bit longer? I love it." Shifting to how he broke Clinton's so-calledMidwest firewall, he said, "We didn't break it, we shattered that sucker. Weshattered it, man. That poor wall is busted up."Trump did hit some of the right notes in terms of unifying the nation when hemanaged to stick to the script rolling down the teleprompter. He called for a"truly inclusive society, where we support each other, love each other, and lookout for each other."