Since the election, the West Coast has been abuzz with talk of breaking awayfrom Donald Trump's America - a Calexit, or a linking of the nation's mostpopulous state with Oregon, Washington and British Columbia to form a Cascadiaby the sea.It's a fantasy, of course, fueled by Trump's drubbing on the West Coast, wherehe got less than 10 percent of the vote in some cities. But it would also be amonumental mistake for the most prosperous and progressive part of the UnitedStates to even consider abandoning a country that could be dominated by the oldConfederacy.A better idea is to reach out across a yawning class divide. People in the Westcould listen to their fellow Americans in the old industrial heartland. Andpeople in struggling towns could learn something from the workable policies ofthe left coast. Difficult as that conversation may be, it could start with somewhite-on-white dialogue.In the fast-hardening concrete of postelection analysis, the presidential votewas seen as a "whitelash," as Van Jones called it, against Barack Obama'spresidency. No doubt, race played a big part in Trump's Electoral College win.But on Nov. 8, heavily white cities - particularly in the West - rejected Trumpby huge margins.In Portland, Ore., often called the whitest city in America, Trump pulled barely17 percent of the vote in the county covering most of the metro area, and evenless in the city proper. In Seattle, which is nearly 70 percent white, Trump ison track to get only 8 percent of the vote. Denver, which is 63 percent white,didn't even give Trump one in five votes. And in San Francisco, with a blackpopulation of 6 percent, Trump finished in single digits.This fortress of the forward-looking is not all white, certainly; California,after all, has no ethnic majority. But for the sake of preventing a certainclueless conventional wisdom from taking hold, let's consider the other whitepeople.This West Coast majority cares about climate change, tech and trade. They careabout where their food comes from and want family-friendly policies that don'tknock women out of their career trajectories. They aren't afraid of raisingtaxes to make their cities more livable. They don't think lunatics should beable to buy assault rifles. And their issues were completely forgotten in thepresidential campaign.California, which went Democratic by a nearly 2-1 margin, feels particularlyleft out. People in the state are beating drums to the spectral rhythms of theold Bear Flag Revolt, which briefly produced an independent California Republicin 1846.Instead, California should leverage its political clout - with almostone-in-eight members of the House hailing from the Golden State - to stopTrump's backward ideas.The biggest lesson from the West Coast is about job and wage growth. InSeptember, 42 percent of all new jobs created in the country were in California.At the same time, Oregon posted a job creation rate that was double the nationalaverage. And earlier this year, Washington state was ranked No. 1 for combinedjob and wage growth.Trump claims he'll put people to work building roads, bridges and airports,while lowering taxes on the rich. But there is a simple solution, adopted onElection Day throughout the West Coast: targeted tax increases. Voters approvedof them because the money will be dedicated to new infrastructure - expanded andambitious light rail systems in Seattle and Los Angeles, for example.It was absurd and unpatriotic when Texans talked of secession rather than be ledby Obama. It's equally absurd for Californians to talk of taking their Macs andwalking out after Trump's barbarians move into the White House. The UnitedStates, without the innovative West Coast, would be a yesterday country.Timothy Egan, based in the Pacific Northwest, writes a column for the New YorkTimes.