WASHINGTON - A national commission on Friday delivered urgent recommendations toimprove the nation's cybersecurity, weeks before President-elect Donald Trumptakes office. The report follows the worst hacking of U.S. government systems inhistory and accusations by the Obama administration that Russia meddled in theU.S. presidential election by hacking Democrats.The Presidential Commission on Enhancing National Cybersecurity, which wasexpected to spell out actions the U.S. can take over the next 10 years, insteadurged more immediate actions within two to five years. It suggested the Trumpadministration consider some items "deserving action" within the first 100 days.It recommended that Trump create an assistant to the president forcybersecurity, who would report through the national security adviser, andestablish an ambassador for cybersecurity, who would lead efforts to createinternational rules. It urged steps to end the threat of identity theft by 2021and said Trump's administration should train 100,000 new cybersecurity workersby 2020.Other ideas included helping consumers to judge products using an independent"nutritional label" for technology products and services.The White House requested the report in February and intended it to serve as atransition memo for the next president. The commission included 12 of what theWhite House described as the brightest minds in business, academia, technologyand security. It was led by Tom Donilon, Obama's former national securityadviser.The panel studied sharing information with private companies about cyberthreats, the lack of talented American security engineers and distrust of theU.S. government by private businesses, especially in Silicon Valley. Classifieddocuments stolen under Obama by Edward Snowden, a contractor for the NationalSecurity Agency, revealed government efforts to hack into the data pipelinesused by U.S. companies to serve customers overseas.One commissioner, Herbert Lin of Stanford University, said some seniorinformation technology managers distrust the federal government as much as theydistrust China, widely regarded as actively hacking in the U.S.President Barack Obama said in a written statement after meeting with Donilonthat his administration will take additional action "wherever possible" to buildon its efforts to make progress before he leaves office next month. He urgedTrump and the next Congress to treat the recommendations as a guide.It was not immediately clear whether Trump would accept this recent report, muchless act on its recommendations. Trump won the election on promises to reducegovernment regulations, although decades of relying on market pressure or askingbusinesses voluntarily to make their products and services safer to use havebeen largely ineffective.Trump is a prolific user of online social media services, especially Twitter,but he is rarely seen using a laptop or other computer. His campaign manager,Kellyanne Conway, tweeted a photograph Monday of Trump working on an Applelaptop inside his office at Trump Tower. Trump testified in a deposition in 2012that he did not own a personal computer or smartphone, and earlier this year inanother deposition said he deliberately does not use email. "We've figured thatout," Trump said. "Took a lot of people a long time to figure that out."Trump has already promised his own study by a "Cyber Review Team" of people hesaid he will select from military, law enforcement and private sectors. He saidhis team will develop mandatory cyber awareness training for all U.S. governmentemployees, and he has proposed a buildup of U.S. military offensive anddefensive cyber capabilities that he said will deter foreign hackers.The new report suggested that the government should remain the only organizationresponsible for responding to large-scale attacks by foreign countries.Obama has a mixed legacy on cybersecurity.Under Obama, hackers stole personal data from the U.S. Office of PersonnelManagement on more than 21 million current, former and prospective governmentemployees, including details of security-clearance background investigations forfederal agents, intelligence employees and others. The White House also failedin its efforts to convince Congress to pass a national law - similar to lawspassed in some states - to require hacked companies to notify affectedcustomers.But the Obama administration also became more aggressive about publiclyidentifying foreign governments it accused of hacking U.S. victims, arrestedsome high-profile hackers overseas, successfully shut down some large networksof hacked computers used to attack online targets, enacted but never actuallyused economic sanctions against countries that hacked American targets and useda sophisticated new cyberweapon called Stuxnet against Iran's main nuclearenrichment facilities.