BEDMINSTER, N.J. - Mitt Romney is a key contender to become the nation's nextsecretary of state and retired Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis was an"impressive" prospect for defense secretary, President-elect Donald Trump andhis No. 2, Mike Pence, said Sunday."Gov. Romney is under active and serious consideration to serve as secretary ofstate of the United States," said Pence, the vice president-elect who is leadingthe search for Trump's cabinet members, in an interview on CBS's "Face theNation."On Sunday, the billionaire wrote that, "General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis, who isbeing considered for secretary of defense, was very impressive yesterday. A trueGeneral's General!"The comments were indications that Trump is looking outside his immediate circleas he works toward rounding out his foreign policy and national security teams.On Friday, he named a loyalist, ret. Gen. Michael Flynn, as his nationalsecurity adviser. Trump told reporters Sunday that one of his most loyal andpublic allies, former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, was also a prospect forsecretary of state "and other things." Giuliani at one point had been consideredfor attorney general, but Trump gave that job to Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama.Romney, the former Massachusetts governor and 2012 GOP presidential contender,and Trump exchanged bitter insults during the campaign, and Mattis has not beenconsidered a Trump confidante. The appointment of more establishment figurescould offer some reassurance to lawmakers and others concerned about Trump'shard-line positions on immigration and national security and his lack of foreignpolicy experience.But even as Trump and his team discussed pressing issues facing the country andhow to staff the incoming administration, the president-elect's Twitter feedsuggested other issues too were on his mind.Meanwhile, Trump received more visitors to his golf club in New Jersey Sunday.Besides Giuliani, Trump met with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, his formertransition chairman who was replaced by Pence after the election.Trump's transition team said former Texas governor and GOP presidential rivalRick Perry was expected to meet with Trump on Monday.The businessman and president-elect also apparently was considering prospects tolead the Commerce Department, meeting with billionaire investor Wilbur Ross."Time will tell," Ross told reporters when asked if he wanted to the post.Trump also was making plans for transitioning his family. He told reportersSunday that his wife, Melania, and their 10-year-old son, Barron, would move toWashington when the school year ends.Both Romney and Trump put on a show of smiles, a public handshake and athumbs-up Saturday, a marked shift in tone after a year in which Romney attackedTrump as a "con man" and Trump labeled him a "loser." But the two have startedto mend fences since Trump's victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton.Trump started filling key administration positions on Friday, picking AlabamaSen. Jeff Sessions for attorney general and Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo to head theCIA, signaling a sharp rightward shift in U.S. security policy as he begins toform his Cabinet. Trump also named retired Lt. Gen Michael Flynn as his nationalsecurity adviser.Trump's initial decisions suggest a more aggressive military involvement incounterterror strategy and a greater emphasis on Islam's role in stokingextremism. Sessions, who is best known for his hard line immigration views, hasquestioned whether terrorist suspects should benefit from the rights availablein U.S. courts. Pompeo has said Muslim leaders are "potentially complicit" inattacks if they do not denounce violence carried out in the name of Islam.Pompeo's nomination to lead the CIA also opens the prospect of the U.S. resumingtorture of detainees. Trump has backed harsh interrogation techniques thatPresident Barack Obama and Congress have banned, saying the U.S. "should gotougher than waterboarding," which simulates drowning. In 2014, Pompeocriticized Obama for "ending our interrogation program" and said intelligenceofficials "are not torturers, they are patriots."Sessions and Pompeo would both require Senate confirmation; Flynn would not.