GRAND FORKS -- John Olson's email inbox has been inundated lately with messagesabout the election.The details vary, but the overriding message is clear: Don't vote for DonaldTrump on Dec. 19.As one of North Dakota's three electors, Olson is tasked with representing hisstate in the Electoral College by casting a vote for one of the presidentialcandidates. And even though Trump won North Dakota with 63 percent of the vote,Olson said Monday he's received "hundreds" of messages asking him to voteagainst the Republican president-elect."I'm not conflicted. I'll be voting for Trump," said Olson, a former Republicanstate lawmaker.That appears to be the case with the other two electors, Duane Mutch and BevClayburgh. Both said they've received a few letters making similar requests."I wouldn't even consider making a change because a large percentage of myfellow citizens voted for Trump," said Clayburgh, who lives in Grand Forks andhas received letters from both coasts. "I'd probably have to leave the state ifI voted otherwise."The messages to North Dakota's electors appear to be part of a larger effortacross the country. A Change.org petition asking electors to vote for DemocratHillary Clinton had garnered more than 4.6 million supporters as of late Mondaymorning.It's unclear how organized the effort is, although two of the letters sent toClayburgh and one of the emails Olson received are almost identical. Thatmessage, posted online as a sample letter to electors, argues that Trump is notqualified to be president. It also points to "an unprecedented level ofinterference" during the election, including the hacking of private emails,allegations of voter suppression in swing states, FBI Director James Comey'sactions over the investigation of Clinton's use of a private email server, andincidents of voter intimidation.Another email Olson received Monday morning argued Trump is unqualified and has"no regard for the office, for the Constitution, or for the dignity andgreatness of our dear country." It also points out Clinton won the nationalpopular vote, with her lead growing to more than 2 million, according toReuters."Of course faithless electors are incredibly rare, which is as it should be --this is a unique circumstance, which requires emergency measures," the email toOlson states. "Not voting for Trump (or choosing to vote for another candidate)would be patriotic."Twenty-one states do not require members of the Electoral College to vote fortheir party's designated candidate, according to the nonprofit organizationFairVote. The most recent case of the so-called "faithless elector" came in2004, when an unknown person from Minnesota who had pledged to vote for DemocratJohn Kerry voted instead for his running mate, John Edwards, according toFairVote.Jim Silrum, North Dakota's deputy secretary of state, said most peoplecontacting his office ask for contact information for the electors."But some do not understand the process and think that we have some authority tomake the electors change their vote, or that we are the electors," he said in anemail.The electors will meet at 1 p.m. Dec. 19 at the governor's office -- the publiccould attend the event -- to cast secret and separate ballots for president andvice president, Silrum said.The Electoral College push also comes as Clinton's campaign announced over theweekend it would join Green Party candidate Jill Stein's efforts to seek arecount in several states where Trump won by slim margins. Marc Elias, theClinton campaign's counsel, said they "intend to participate in order to ensurethe process proceeds in a manner that is fair to all sides," but he noted theyhad not found "any actionable evidence of hacking or outside attempts to alterthe voting technology."Olson said everyone is looking with some "curiosity" as to how Trump willperform as president, but he doesn't want to "relitigate" things that were saidduring the campaign."I think now is the time ... to move forward," he said.