The Republican sweep in the elections has put corporate tax reform within reachfor the first time in decades, but some banks stand to benefit far more thanothers.There are a number of reasons tax savings could vary widely among banks, withtax-planning strategies first among them, analysts say. Smaller regional banks -such as the $43 billion-asset Silicon Valley Bank or the $21 billion-assetPacWest - could see the biggest upside to earnings. That is because theycurrently pay high effective rates, and have fewer strategies in place to lowertheir total tax bill.Bigger banks, however, could find themselves in a bind. Many have invested inmunicipal securities that provide federal tax benefits, or have made heavy useof tax-saving tools such as special credits and bank-owned life insurance.Whether those benefits will remain intact or hold the same value as lawmakersbegin tinkering with the tax code is an open question."If all of those things are eliminated, what does it do to our banks?" said JohnKinsella, vice president of tax policy at the American Bankers Association. "Ithink the key thing it comes down to is: If those go away " there would be someimplications."The debate could push large regionals, in particular, to look at whethertax-advantaged lines of business will continue to drive profits higher overtime."There is definitely a law of unintended consequences," said Chris Marinac, ananalyst with FIG Partners. He said he will be listening closely to investorpresentations in the coming weeks, looking for details on how bank executivesare thinking about looming tax changes.To be sure, it's too soon to tell how tax reform will play out in Washington,though Republicans have signaled it will be a priority in the coming year.President-elect Donald Trump made tax cuts a cornerstone of his campaign; he hasproposed to lower the corporate tax rate to 15% from the current 35% and toeliminate many deductions.In some ways, House Republicans got a head start on the effort this summer, whenthey introduced a blueprint for overhauling the tax code. The proposal differsslightly from the Trump tax plan, including by calling for a 20% corporate rate.It would also eliminate special credits and deductions.Projections about legislative details are difficult.Deductions for business-interest expenses could be on the chopping block. Thereis also the possibility that progressive lawmakers propose penalties on bigbanks, such as the tax on Wall Street trading that Democratic presidentialcandidate Hillary Clinton proposed during her campaign.Still, investors are riding a wave of optimism, hoping that policymakers willhammer out the details in the coming year and that lower corporate rates willtake effect in 2018."The market is way ahead of this," Marinac said, noting that investors haven'tyet accounted for the slow and uncertain nature of legislative action. "It's alittle concerning because people are so excited."The Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Bank Index this week hit its highest point sincebefore the 2008 financial crisis, led in part by a sharp rise in the shares ofregional banks. The index has risen about 15% since the Nov. 8 election.Analysts say that across-the-board tax cuts could be a significant boon forsmaller regional banks. Many have chosen to maximize profits in recent years bysimply focusing on asset growth, rather than investing in ways to lower theirtax bill. As a result, they currently pay a higher effective rate than theirlarger peers.If the corporate tax rate is lowered to 20% in 2018, midsize banks - such asSilicon Valley or the $59 billion-asset Zions Bancorp. - could see theirearnings per share jump more than 25% during the calendar year from previousestimates, according to a recent report from Evercore. That assumes all otherfactors are held equal.Larger regionals - such as the $433 billion-asset U.S. Bancorp - could alsoreceive a smaller but still significant boost to earnings of 18.6%."Corporate tax reform is going to be a significant benefit," said John Pancari,an analyst with Evercore, in a Nov. 21 video message to investors. "Banks thatmay not have been using their securities portfolio, through municipal bondinvestments, to lower their tax rate will see some incremental relief to agreater degree."Investors may of course be overly optimistic. Plans for a splashy tax overhaulcould be tempered by a range of other factors, including the impact of lower taxrevenue on the deficit.But even if lawmakers settle on a smaller corporate tax cut, or if a large cutis phased in slowly over time, the banking industry will still come out ahead.For instance, lowering the corporate rate to 30% in 2018 would increase earningsat small regional banks by about 8% from prior estimates, according to a recentreport from FIG. The report included banks such as the $21 billion-asset TCFFinancial.A KBW report issued Wednesday, which presumed a 25% corporate rate in itsestimates, said small banks would enjoy the biggest jump in earnings. Yet bigbanks could feel a pinch from reductions in the value deferred tax assets, thereport said.No matter how you slice it, banks across the industry face major changes in thecoming years in the way they manage their tax bills, observers said."I think, at a minimum, it will change the financial calculation whendetermining what a rate of return is to the shareholders," Kinsella said.Whether the market remains as enthusiastic about tax reform in the comingmonths, as lawmakers begin the messy process of negotiations, is anothermystery."The devil is in the details," Marinac said.URL: http://www.americanbanker.com