MADISON, Wis. - Seven months ago, as Wisconsin Republicans looked ahead to theupcoming presidential election, they focused on the state's nonpartisan race forthe state Supreme Court as a test run of sorts.They figured out the most effective way to identify and register Republicanswith a low likelihood of voting and persuade independents to get to the polls.They analyzed where and when to put resources into the field. They looked at howbest to spend on mailings and phone calls."When we looked at the Supreme Court race, it was an opportunity for us tofine-tune our operation," said Mark Morgan, state director for the RepublicanNational Committee.Conservative Justice Rebecca Bradley won by more than 95,000 votes in April. InNovember, Republican Donald Trump eked out a much tighter Wisconsin victory -just over 27,000 votes - against Hillary Clinton.Republicans, both nationally and in Wisconsin, say the difference-maker forTrump was the ground game, which they built for more than a decade, first with aseries of recall elections in 2011 and 2012 and honed with the Supreme Courtrace.The Wisconsin GOP has a reputation as one of the best state party operationsbecause of it, said Luke Martz, a Republican consultant who worked in eightstates."They run a very tight ship," said Martz, who was Bradley's campaign manager andnoted that though that race benefited from the party's work, there was nocoordination. "They know what they're doing. They know how to win races."While Republicans revel in victory, Democrats are trying to chart a path forwardas they look ahead to 2018, when they'll have to defend U.S. Sen. TammyBaldwin's seat and attempt to win back the governor's office.The state spokeswoman for Clinton talked up Democrats' efforts despiteNovember's outcome."Democrats up and down the ticket were supported by a robust organizingoperation and an incredible volunteer network across Wisconsin," said GillianDrummond, who also is a longtime Wisconsin Democratic operative. "From phonebanks in small towns to knocking doors in cities and organizing eventseverywhere in between, the Democratic operation was second to none."The Republican ground game can't be credited for all of their success.Clinton underperformed President Barack Obama's 2012 totals in Democraticcounties. Key voters - young people, women, African-Americans and Hispanics -did not turn out in the numbers she needed to win. Plus, Democrats had to raisemoney without any visits from Clinton or Obama - the first presidential electionsince 1972 when one of the major party candidates skipped the state.Still, the Republican track record in Wisconsin since 2010 shows Scott Walkerwinning three elections, including a recall; Sen. Ron Johnson twice, the secondin a presidential year; and Republicans flipping control of the Legislature.They now have their largest Senate majority since 1971 and their biggest in theAssembly since 1957.Republicans shifted their strategy in 2004 after party leaders realized theycouldn't win elections just through television advertising alone, GOP operativeMark Graul said. Republicans have invested in sophisticated data analytics totarget the right voters at their homes, contacts that are more effective thanphone calls, Graul said.Republicans also instituted a "turf model" or "neighborhood team" approach thatdivided the state into 99 different regions."We didn't leave any stone unturned," said Juston Johnson, the national party'sregional political director for Wisconsin. "We went into communities that wehaven't necessarily been in before."Conventional wisdom among political operatives is that a solid ground game will,at best, yield up to 3 points in an election. Trump won Wisconsin by less than apoint and Johnson prevailed by 3.4 points."The early investments paid off," Morgan said. "The infrastructure is second tonone.