MADISON, Wis. - Wisconsin election officials are preparing to begin a recount ofthe state's presidential vote this week. Here are answers to the mostsignificant questions about the pending recount:WHO WON WISCONSIN?Donald Trump defeated Hillary Clinton by 22,170 votes, or about 1 percent of thevote, based on unofficial results. Wisconsin Elections Commission Chairman MarkThomsen, a Democrat, said he expected Trump to still be the winner after therecount."The outcome is not going to be different," Thomsen said. "It may not be 22,170,but I don't doubt that the president-elect is going to win that vote."WHO ASKED FOR THE RECOUNT AND WHY?Both Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein and Independent candidate Roque"Rocky" De La Fuente requested the recount on Friday, although Stein is the onlyone who was actively raising money to pay for it.She alleged in a filing with the state that irregularities with the Wisconsinvote indicated potential tampering. That, combined with "well-documented andconclusive evidence of foreign interference in the presidential race before theelection," call into question Wisconsin's results, Stein alleged.WHAT EVIDENCE DOES SHE HAVE?University of Michigan computer scientist J. Alex Halderman said in an affidavitattached to Stein's recount request that hackers could spread malware intovoting machines in battleground states and their work would be virtuallyundetectable.Halderman said whether the machines are connected to the internet is irrelevantbecause election workers typically copy ballot designs from a computer that'sconnected online and transfer the designs to the machines using memory sticks.The only way to know if an attack took place is to examine the paper trail toensure votes cast match results determined by the machines, he said.HAS WISCONSIN EVER DONE THIS BEFORE?Wisconsin's last statewide recount was for a state Supreme Court race in 2011.The recount showed Justice David Prosser defeated challenger JoAnne Kloppenburgby 7,004 votes, just 312 votes less than the unofficial results showed. Thateffort took more than a month and involved about half as many votes as thenearly 3 million cast in this election.WHEN WILL IT BE DONE?The deadline for counties to report their recounted vote totals is 8 p.m. Dec.12. The Elections Commission will review the totals before certifying the voteon Dec. 13, the federal deadline.