DYERSVILLE, Iowa - Sitting alongside U.S. 20, Country Junction Restaurant isdesigned to catch the eyes of tourist with its barn-themed aesthetic.However, the Midwestern, home-style look of the establishment isn't all forshow."People keep on coming here because we're a restaurant where you can get realhome cooking," said Adam Schuster, office manager at Country Junction. "Familiesin Dyersville know they can come here if they don't feel like cooking at homeand they can still get a great meal."The restaurant's walls display pride in its history and reputation. Autographsof celebrities, like Al Roker, and Major League Baseball players like RyneDuren, hang throughout Country Junction, proof of the establishment's ability toattract people from all walks of life.Karla Thompson, executive director of the Dyersville Area Chamber of Commerce,said the restaurant joins the Field of Dreams movie site and the National FarmToy Museum as important tourist locations in the community."It's definitely become an icon for the city," Thompson said. "Anyone coming offthe highway is going to see it, which is brilliant."Country Junction's menu delivers an earnest, Midwestern dining experience. Thelocation has become particularly popular for its selection of home-cooked pies."We go through about 12 pies every day, which is a lot," Schuster said. "OnThanksgiving, we sell about 40 pies. It's the thing that people love most aboutus."Schuster said Country Junction always benefits from Dyersville's other touristattractions.The National Farm Toy Show marks the busiest time of the year for therestaurant. This year's show packed the restaurant Nov. 4, with about 1,400people being served."It's been the most people we have ever had to serve in one day," Schuster said."The business has been absolutely insane."Country Junction was founded in 1990.Heidi Hagerty has worked at the restaurant since 1998. Although the restaurant'sownership has changed through the years, the family friendly, Midwestern feelhas never changed, Hagerty said."People keep coming here because it's just a really friendly environment," shesaid. "Good customer service can go a long way in getting people to come back."The restaurant has expanded to add several features for customers. The basementhas been converted into a meeting hall that often is used as a location forgroup meetings, events and political rallies."We didn't have as many political candidates as we would have expected thisyear," Schuster said. "I think we had (former Republican presidential candidate)Ben Carson come, but that was about it."Additionally, the restaurant also comes equipped with a bar that closes at 9p.m. A gift shop at the entrance is filled with goods and antiques all made inthe Midwest."Everything is designed to relate to the country lifestyle," Schuster said. "Wewant people who know that life to be comfortable here, and we want people whodon't know it to be able to experience what it's like."