Here's a little post-election quiz for you.Which race on the Dubuque County 2016 ballot attracted the greatest voterparticipation?" U.S. president (Donald Trump,Hillary Clinton et al)" U.S. Senate (Chuck Grassley vs.Patty Judge)" U.S. House 1st District (Rod Blum vs.Monica Vernon)In Dubuque County, which presidential election had the highest percentage ofvoter participation?" 2008 (Barack Obama vs.John McCain)" 2012 (Obama vs.Mitt Romney)" 2016 (Trump vs. Clinton)A review of the local election results, which were made official last week,chipped at the notion that voters would be so dissatisfied and uninspired bytheir presidential choices that they would skip that place on the ballot butweigh in on other races.More Dubuque County voters entered a choice for president in 2016 than they didsenator or congressman. Some 94 percent of them selected either Trump or Clintonrather than one of the several "third-party" candidates (among which LibertarianGary Johnson led the pack by a wide margin).Now, the numbers suggest thatsome voters were so disenchanted by the presidential race that they stayed homeentirely.Of the past three presidential elections, the highest turnout in Dubuque Countyoccurred in 2012 (74 percent), compared to 73 percent in Barack Obama's historicelection of 2008 and then this year (70 percent).Straight-party voting - a one-stop shop for partisans - might not be as popularas it once was, but it was still invoked by nearly one-third of Dubuque Countyvoters (31.9 percent).The GOP straight-party vote jumped a whopping 44 percent in 2016 compared to2008. Democrats suffered a 14 percent drop in the same period, but still hadmore straight-party votes overall than the GOP by a 56-44 percent margin.The surge of the GOP in Dubuque County, and Trump's local popularity, isnoteworthy. Trump carried Dubuque County - a first for a Republican in 60 years.Compare that to eight years ago, when Obama beat McCain by a 60-40 margin.Trump won here even though only 22.6 percent of voters were declaredRepublicans. (Declared Democrats represented 43.6 percent of voters while 33.1percent were not affiliated with any party.As a result of all this, "absolutely: expect to see more Republican candidateson Dubuque County ballots in 2018 and beyond," said Jennifer Smith, county GOPchair.Smith said that with Democrats holding so many local and legislative offices forso long, would-be candidates opted to not put their GOP hats in the ring. Thatis changing.Smith said recruitment efforts for GOP candidates will begin in early 2017."People are looking for a change," she said.PANEL TO REVIEW THE 2016 CYCLEWhat just happened?The Iowa Department of Cultural Affairs on Monday, Nov. 21, will host a paneldiscussion and question-and-answer session in Des Moines featuring politicalexperts to talk about the 2016 cycle, from the Iowa caucuses through ElectionDay.Panelists includeDavid Yepsen, former director of the Paul Simon Public Policy Institute andlongtime political columnist for The Des Moines Register; pollsterAnn Selzer;Kathie Obradovich, Register political columnist;Craig Robinson, founding editor of The Iowa Republican; Democratic consultantJeff Link; andDave Nagle, former Northeast Iowa congressman and chair of the Iowa DemocraticParty's task force reviewing the 2016 caucuses.The free, public event at the State Historical Building, 600 E. Locust St. inDes Moines, begins with a social half-hour at 5 p.m. The 75-minute programbegins at 5:45.DEMOCRATS STILL TAKING SHOTS AT BLUMOne of the Democrats' prime targets for ouster this cycle, Blum, the Republicancongressman from Dubuque, who was consistently topping observers' lists of "mostvulnerable" House incumbents, wound up winning re-election by 8 percentagepoints.Though they lost in Iowa's 1st District, Democrats aren't going away quietly."While the election may be over, it should not be forgotten that Rod Blumenthusiastically doubled down on his support for Donald Trump while also cozyingup to SpeakerPaul Ryan in the final weeks of the campaign,"Tyler Law, spokesman for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, statedin a news release issued a week after the election. "This might have temporarilyhelped him win re-election, but it will certainly damage his standing in thefuture as he is forced to defend the destructive Trump-Ryan agenda."WANT TO ATTENDTHE INAUGURATION?Every federal lawmaker expects to receive an allocation of tickets for DonaldTrump's presidential inauguration on Jan. 20. Here are their plans for ticketdistribution to constituents:Sen. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, plans to use a lottery system. Enter online(tinyurl.com/zysljzz) by Jan. 1. Grassley said staffers of the Iowa delegationwill cross-check names of ticket recipients to avoid duplication.Sen.Joni Ernst, R-Iowa, will issue tickets on a first-come, first-served basis toIowans. Apply at tinyurl.com/jezcxl7. Deadline is Jan. 1.U.S. Rep. Rod Blum, R-Iowa, will issue tickets to 1st District residents on afirst-come, first-served basis. Apply by phoning 202-225-2911 or emailingKirby.richard@mail.house.govU.S. Rep.Ron Kind, D-Wis., will issue tickets on a first-come, first-served basis.Constituents should call 888-442-8040 and provide name, address and number oftickets desired.NOTES" U.S. Sen.Dick Durbin, of Illinois, has been re-elected Democratic whip by his fellowSenate Democrats. He has held the No. 2 role in the caucus since 2005." Two years ago, Rod Blum's first-ever vote in the U.S. House was against there-election of fellow Republican SpeakerJohn Boehner, who later gave up the post. This time, Speaker Paul Ryan receivedunanimous GOP support to keep the position. "I am looking forward to workingwith Speaker Ryan and President Trump to reignite our economy, secure ourborders, and to reform Congress itself," Blum told the TH in a statement."Americans sent a strong message this election that they are tired of careerpoliticians and business as usual in Washington."" U.S. Sen.Tammy Baldwin, D-Wis., received an AARP Champion for the 50+ LegislativeLeadership Award. The seniors organization said the award was for her worksupporting and improving the lives of family caregivers with the bipartisanRAISE Family Caregivers Act (S.1719).Cooper has been TH executive editor since 1986.