VATICAN CITY - Pope Francis warned against what he called a "virus ofpolarization" and hostility in the world targeting people with differentnationalities, races or beliefs, as he led a ceremony Saturday giving the RomanCatholic Church 17 new cardinals from six continents.The consistory ceremony in St. Peter's Basilica formally inducted the churchmeninto the cardinals' ranks.Francis used his homily to caution the new "princes of the church," as cardinalsare sometimes called, to guard against animosity creeping into the church aswell, saying "we are not immune from this."The pope spoke of "our pitiful hearts that tend to judge, divide, oppose andcondemn" and cautioned somberly against those who "raise walls, build barriersand label people."Earlier this year, when asked about the plan by Donald Trump, then a RepublicanU.S. presidential candidate and now president-elect, to build a wall to keepMexicans from entering the U.S., the pope replied that anyone advocatingbuilding walls isn't a Christian.In Saturday's homily, Francis commented how "we see, for example, how quicklythose among us with the status of the stranger, an immigrant, or a refugee,become a threat, take on the status of an enemy. An enemy because they come froma distant country, or have different customs."He added: "The virus of polarization and animosity permeates our way ofthinking, feeling and acting," the pope said.Cardinals serve as papal advisers and someday elect popes' successors. Popeslook to cardinals who share their approach to the church's mission in the world.Indianapolis Archbishop Joseph Tobin is among the newly made cardinals. Tobindefied the governor of the U.S. state of Indiana, Mike Pence, by welcomingSyrian refugees. Tobin in January will become archbishop of Newark, N.J., whilePence will be installed as U.S. vice president.Chicago Archbishop Blase Cupich, after being made a cardinal at Saturday'sceremony, said the church has a special role in trying to bring people togetheracross the political spectrum. He noted that on Sunday, Masses are celebrated in26 languages in his diocese."People feel disenfranchised" from sharing in the common good, the cardinal saidin an interview with The Associated Press.