This wild election year prompted more Utahns to vote than ever. And thepercentage of residents who cast ballots was either the highest in two or fourdecades, depending on who does the math.After the final state vote canvass Monday, Lt. Gov. Spencer Cox reported that1,152,369 Utahns cast ballots this year, an all-time record for the growingstate.Cox, Utah's top election official, said that was 82 percent of the state's"active registered voters," defined as anyone who has voted or registered duringthe past eight years.Mark Thomas, state elections director for Cox, said that was the highest turnoutsince 1964, when it was 89 percent.This year's turnout was up a couple of percentage points from the 80.15 percentof 2012, when adopted favorite-son Mitt Romney was the GOP presidential nominee.That, in turn, was much higher than the 67.8 percent of the 2008 presidentialelection.But Utah's turnout looks less impressive when it is figured as a percentage ofthe "voting eligible population," or anyone who is old enough to vote and islegally eligible. Only 57.8 percent of such Utahns cast ballots this year cccmeaning more than four of 10 did not bother to register.Utah's turnout was a bit lower than the national average of 58.5 percent thisyear, according to the United States Elections Project at the University ofFlorida. According to its data, Utah currently would rank No. 37 nationally forturnout among the states, but those rankings are still being updated as morestates finish their canvasses.Still, that turnout for the voting-eligible population is Utah's highest since1992, and the third straight presidential election in which turnout hasimproved."It's positive we're moving in the right direction," Cox said. "We still havework to do. ... We want to find ways to get more people registered, to get theminformed and give them an opportunity to participate in governing."Cox credited this year's higher turnout to two main factors: presidentialcandidates paying more attention to the state and greater use of by-mail voting."It probably helps when the state becomes somewhat of a swing state," Cox said,because polls at one point had shown a dead heat among Republican Donald Trump,Democrat Hillary Clinton and independent Evan McMullin."We had a lot more attention than we normally would during a presidentialelection, and clearly that helped to drive turnout," he said. The final officialcount Monday showed that Trump took Utah with 45.5 percent of the vote, trailedby Clinton with 27.5 percent and McMullin with 21.5 percent.Cox noted that 21 of Utah's 29 counties voted by mail this year. Every one ofthe by-mail counties achieved higher voter turnout than the eight counties thatused only traditional in-person voting on Election Day.Three counties had turnout greater than 90 percent of active registered voters:Kane, 92.7 percent; Grand, 91.3 percent; and Sevier, 90.2 percent.Another 16 counties had turnout greater than 80 percent, including the largecounties of Davis, 88.2 percent; Weber, 85.7 percent; and Salt Lake, 83.7percent.The eight counties that did not vote by mail all had turnout of lower than 79percent, including large Utah County at 74.4 percent.Besides boosting turnout, Cox said by-mail voting also appeared to improve votereducation "because they actually have the ballot, and they have the opportunityto research what is on the ballot ccc instead of just getting in the ballotbooth and finding out there are three constitutional amendments they had neverheard of."Cox noted that the Legislature ordered his office to study by-mail voting,including whether it should continue or how it should be improved."I suspect that it will stick around" because of the higher turnout, Cox said."Obviously, there are some things we can do better, and we can learn from thiselection and make necessary changes going forward."He said that includes adding more polling places on Election Day in by-mailcounties. Officials underestimated how many people would want to vote in person,and that led to lines of up to four hours in some locations.Also, Cox said, allowing Election Day registration slowed many of the lines inby-mail counties, and ways must be found to streamline that if it continues.A few recounts are still expected, but Thomas said they will be conducted bycounty clerks. Recounts are expected for a three-vote win by state Rep. LaVarChristensen, R-Draper, over Democrat Suzanne Harrison, and a two-vote differencebetween candidates in the new Emigration Canyon Metro Township Council for thefinal seat there. Official results showed Kathryn Christensen narrowly leadingSteve Hook.