The lesson of the election of 2016: Every vote counts. Except when it doesn't.In Utah, the race for House District 32 seat was won by incumbent RepublicanLaVar Christensen by three ccc count 'em, three ccc votes over Democraticchallenger Suzanne Harrison.So anyone who might have wished that Christensen, one of the Legislature's mostoutspokenly conservative members, had been set aside for the more centristdoctor, and yet did not bother to vote, might understandably be kickingthemselves today. If only you had mailed in your ballot on time, or come to thepolling place with a couple of friends, it all might have turned outdifferently.On the other hand, the same Democrats who might have voted for Harrison, if theyhad bothered to vote at all, have a different bad feeling about the presidentialelection.As the counts keep coming in ccc Utah is not the only state where the idea ofknowing the results of an election that night is a relic of the past ccc itbecomes more and more clear that at least 2 million more people voted forHillary Clinton than voted for Donald Trump. But so many of Clinton's extravotes were in California, a state she had locked up all along, that she stillfell short in Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, states she needed to win theElectoral College count.So, because of that odd system, once the Democrat got to 50 percent plus one inCalifornia, New York and other states where she did well, all the other ballotscast might as well not exist.If that strikes you as unfair, you may want to join the call to eliminate theElectoral College and just go by the national popular vote. Better solutions cccnot requiring a constitutional amendment ccc might be a Democratic NationalCommittee campaign that doesn't take the Rust Belt for granted and a fullrestoration of the Voting Rights Act, so that successful efforts todisenfranchise minority communities in North Carolina, Wisconsin and Texaswouldn't have perhaps tipped the balance in those key states.About Wisconsin. That's where a federal court ruled the other day ccc after, ofcourse, it was too late to do anything about this year's election ccc that thestate's legislative districts were so clearly drawn to give the advantage toRepublicans over Democrats that it amounted to an unconstitutional level ofunfairness. As explained by Harvard Law Professor Noah Feldman, the courtdecided that a system where Republicans got 48 percent of the vote statewide but60 percent of the seats in the Legislature was too far off kilter to beexplained as anything other than deliberate disenfranchisement.In Utah, the population of likely Democrat voters is so firmly concentrated inSalt Lake City, West Valley City and Park City that applying the Wisconsinruling might not help the balance in the Legislature. But it could help with theobvious assault on fairness that is clear in the way our congressional districtsare drawn.Again this year, the most lopsided example is the 2nd Congressional District,which sneaks Salt Lake City's more urban, liberal Avenues neighborhood andUniversity area into a geographically huge district that is overwhelminglyRepublican. That means that, in each of his three elections, Rep. Chris Stewarthas won the district by considerable margins, but was pounded in Salt LakeCounty by margins of roughly 28 percentage points to successive rivals JaySeegmiller, Luz Robles and Charlene Albarran.In 2014, Democrat Doug Owens beat Republican Mia Love in Salt Lake County, butlost the district as a whole ccc very narrowly ccc when the downstate returnscame in. This year, Love beat Owens again, by a larger margin, managing a narrowplurality in Salt Lake County. Which makes one wonder if Misty Snow, theDemocratic candidate for U.S. Senate, wasn't right to complain that Owens'problem was that he was too meek to embrace his Democratic label.In Summit County, 1st District Democratic candidate Peter Clemens outpolled theotherwise invincible Rep. Rob Bishop by almost 10 percentage points.Clearly, the Utah Legislature has designed the state's four congressionaldistricts to make sure that Democrats, and those who might vote Democrat fromtime to time, have their voices squelched. Which makes the whole electoralprocess dull and unattractive to voters and potential candidates alike. Thereare two ways to fix that. Get the federal courts to apply the Wisconsin case toUtah. Or elect more Democrats to the Utah Legislature.Which means showing up, so that, once in a while, a Democrat wins by threevotes.George Pyle, a Tribune editorial writer, remembers staying up all night to seewho won the elections of 1976 and 2000. No more. gpyle@sltrib.com