When Harvard law professor Lawrence Lessig argued at Medium that members of theElectoral College should break faith and vote for Hillary Clinton instead ofDonald Trump, I chalked it up to the brilliantly contrarian Larry beingbrilliant and contrarian -- even if wrong. But when, over the holiday weekend,The Washington Post published his op-ed making the same argument, it made methink serious people might take his argument seriously -- which would bedangerous for democracy and bad for the republic. So with great respect forLarry's ideals and values, here's why faithless electors would subvert, notsustain, the democratic values that underlie the U.S. presidential electionsystem.Start with a thought experiment: What if Donald Trump had won the popular voteand lost in the Electoral College? How would Democrats respond if prominentscholars and public figures argued that Clinton's electors should break theirpledges and elect Trump?I'll tell you how: Democrats would see it as an attempted coup d'etat. Andthey'd be right. The vote in the Electoral College has always been a formality.Its purpose is simply to effectuate the results of the electoral system we have,with all its imperfections.Faithless electors have never determined the outcome of a presidential election,and for good reason. To do so would be to change the rules of the game in thegame's closing minutes. It would distort fairness and the rule of law. And itwould send the extremely worrisome message that electoral results aren't to betaken seriously as the outcome of a legally constrained process.Lessig makes one constitutional argument and one democratic argument in favor offaithless electors subverting the system, and they're both unconvincing.Constitutionally, Lessig makes the highly idiosyncratic, original and mistakenclaim that the Electoral College was intended as a "safety valve" or "circuitbreaker" to allow the electors to ignore the public's vote. He attributes thisidea to Alexander Hamilton.But in Federalist 68, which Lessig cites, Hamilton said nothing of the kind. Thepoint of the essay was that the Electoral College was better than a pre-existinglegislative body, which could be subverted by outside influences. (That's you,Larry.) Hamilton called the Electoral College "an immediate act of the people ofAmerica." That's not a safety valve. It's a faucet.If the Electoral College had been intended to make a decision of any kind, theConstitution could have given its electors the power to choose the president incase no candidate got a majority. It wasn't. Instead, the Constitution threwsuch situations to the House of Representatives. As Hamilton noted, theElectoral College was a one-shot deal: appear, vote, disappear from existence.That leaves Lessig's argument from democratic theory -- namely, because theElectoral College gives some mildly disproportionate power to small states,which have a minimum of three votes, it violates the principle of one person,one vote. That's true -- but irrelevant to subverting the system. TheConstitution creates that vote structure. And there's a way to change that: bydemocratic means, not by the arbitrary act of obscure electors engaging inrevolutionary change.What's dangerous about the appeal to faithless electors isn't that they're goingto listen. It's the willingness to propose breaking the basic constitutionalstructures of democracy -- at perhaps the most delicate moment for thosestructures in my lifetime.Now is not the time for experts in constitutional law to be cavalier aboutfollowing the procedures -- including the unwritten procedures -- that shape ourconstitutional norms. The president-elect broke many of the unwritten norms ofelectoral politics to win the election. The overarching goal must now be to makesure he doesn't break the Constitution.The rules of the game may be problematic; I would certainly love to see theConstitution amended to abolish the Electoral College. But the solution isn't tobreak the game. The election would have been fought differently under differentrules, and it's impossible to say with any confidence what the result would havebeen.When someone loses the popular vote and wins the Electoral College, it's agenuine challenge to the democratic legitimacy of the constitutional system. Butit isn't a challenge to the constitutional legitimacy of the electoral outcome.Those who put the abstraction of "democracy" ahead of the Constitution hadbetter be ready for Donald Trump to do the same. If he does, they'd better havea stronger argument than Hillary Clinton got more votes.As for me, I'm going with the Constitution, constitutional tradition and therule of law. And I would urge my brilliant, contrarian colleague to do the same.Noah Feldman, a Bloomberg View columnist, is a professor of constitutional andinternational law at Harvard.