In January 2015, I wrote an op-ed for The Tribune in response to PresidentObama's free community college proposal. The free college movement has sinceevolved and was championed by the Democratic presidential candidates, but theelection of Donald Trump warrants a reassessment of the free college movementand a reprioritization of the democratic purpose of public higher education.So what is the future of free college, and why does it matter? I want to maketwo critical points. First, the election outcome suggests that a federal policyon free college is very unlikely, elevating the importance and role of state andlocal polices to improve college affordability. Second, the crude anduncivilized presidential campaign rhetoric and behavior, coupled with the dismalvoter turnout rate of approximately 55 percent, are an assault to our civicduties and social contract; they are a failure of our postsecondary educationsystem, and we can and must do better as a nation and a democracy. Let me expandon both points.For the average American, the price of college is simply out of reach, and thedisinvestment of state funds in public higher education has directly contributedto this. In 1990, states paid about 75 percent of the cost of public collegewhile students and families kicked in the other 25 percent in tuition and fees.By 2015, the state proportion decreased to 50 percent and students and familiesnow pay the other 50 percent in tuition and fees. This disproportionatelyaffects low-income families, as evidenced by the 30 percent gap in collegeenrollment between the highest and lowest income groups. Decades of researchshows that the price of college is a significant barrier to college entry, anddespite the vast availability of student loans, low-income students areextremely loan averse.Local and state "Promise" programs are expanding across the country andrepresent an opportunity for states, cities, and communities to reinvest inpublic higher education and help close the income gap in college enrollment.Tennessee, Oregon, Salt Lake Community College and hundreds of colleges areinvesting in students to improve college affordability and equalize opportunity.Why does college affordability matter? Because our democracy depends on it. Theeconomic value of a college degree is well-documented, but college has benefitsthat extend well beyond individual economic returns. A primary function ofpostsecondary education is to develop our citizens, prepare them to participatein democratic processes, engender a sense of social responsibility, and developan appreciation and respect for difference across cultures and peoples.In the aftermath of World War II and during one of the darkest moments in worldhistory, President Harry Truman appointed a Commission on Higher Education, thefirst of its kind in the United States. In an influential report titled, "HigherEducation for American Democracy," the commission unequivocally advocated for arobust postsecondary education system that would lead to "a fuller realizationof democracy in every phase of living." The report argued that education should"insure equal liberty and equal opportunity to differing individuals and groups,and to enable citizens to understand, appraise, and redirect forces, men [sic],and events as these tend to strengthen or to weaken their liberties." The reportprompted decades of federal and state expansion and public investments in highereducation, and it expanded college access from the elites to the masses.The recent election process and outcome are evidence of a partial failure ofthis democratic vision for higher education. Although many citizens and leadersupheld civil and moral principles during the campaign and many exercised theirright to vote, many citizens did not. Many did not because their access tocollege has been constrained by state disinvestment in public higher education,and because colleges have not adequately designed curricula and experiences toensure all graduates and future leaders are prepared to be good citizens,participate in democracy, and be socially conscious and responsible.This is a call to action for the Utah Legislature and education leaders in Utah.Let's restore access to college for all Utah citizens by reinvesting funding inpublic higher education and making college affordable to low-income students.Let's elevate the noneconomic and social benefits of higher education and expandour college curricula and experiences to promote the values and goals of highereducation espoused in the Truman Commission Report.Jason L. Taylor is an assistant professor of higher education in the departmentof Educational Leadership and Policy at the University of Utah. He is afirst-generation college graduate and studies college access, equity,affordability and success.