Washington - Former Utah governor and one-time presidential candidate JonHuntsman Jr. is open to running for Sen. Orrin Hatch's seat in 2018 should thelongtime Utah Republican decide against re-election."We're going to take a good look at it over the next six months to see how bestto serve a great state," Huntsman said in an email to The Salt Lake Tribune. "Nomore complicated than that."Huntsman, who made an unsuccessful 2012 presidential bid and was elected to twoterms as Utah's governor before resigning in 2009 to serve as U.S. ambassador toChina, has been touted as a possible replacement for Hatch, who had initiallysaid he wouldn't seek re-election but has since walked back those comments.In Washington, Hatch told reporters outside the Senate chambers Tuesday that,yes, he was considering another bid."Yeah, I'd have to say I am, with the encouragement I'm receiving and knowingwhat I can do," Hatch said. "Especially with the Trump win."Hatch added his position as Finance chairman could be helpful for Utah: "It'shard not to think that what's best for my state is to put in a few more years,"he said, according to the Wall Street Journal.Huntsman had sidestepped a question earlier this month on whether he would seeka Senate term, praising Hatch as "amazing" and noting how beloved the seven-termsenator is in Utah."I've long believed in term limits for members of Congress, but Orrin has alwaysworked hard for the people of Utah ccc and for almost half a century," Huntsmansaid at the time.On Bloomberg's Benchmark podcast, Huntsman went further, saying he would take a"good look" at the Senate seat."I've always said that I've got one more run left in our bones. And I don't knowwhat that will be. But I love this country," Huntsman said.The former Utah governor said his decision hinges on Hatch's move, thoughHuntsman noted the 40 years the senator has spent in office: "He's been aproductive senator for nearly half a century," he told the podcast."I'm somebody personally who believes in term limits," he added. "I always have.You get in, do your job, you get out."Hatch said during his 2012 run that it would be his last, though later hedgedhis promise by saying that he may consider an eighth term if he were close topassing a reform of the U.S. tax code.Hatch's office didn't respond to a request for comment.tburr@sltrib.comccc Editor's note: Paul Huntsman, the brother of Jon Huntsman, is the owner andpublisher of The Salt Lake Tribune.