Sen. Orrin Hatch cheered Donald Trump's initial moves as president-elect, usinga Utah speech Friday to praise him for reaching out to opponents and softeningsome extreme stances ccbut still shaking up Washington.Hatch lauded Trump specifically for reaching out to Mitt Romney, who loudlycriticized him as unfit during the campaign, and the Utah senator hoped aloudthat the 2012 GOP presidential nominee will join Trump's Cabinet. Hatch alsodefended Trump's controversial selection of Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-Ala., asattorney general."It's good that we've had a shake-up in Washington like I haven't seen in my 40years in the U.S. Senate," Hatch told a luncheon of the U.S. Global LeadershipCoalition at the Grand America Hotel."Don't sell Donald Trump short," he told the group. "He didn't become avisionary by luck."Hatch also defended Sessions, a longtime Republican colleague in the Senate,against quick opposition by Latino groups for his past anti-immigration stancesand by some civil-rights groups for his attacks on them in the past."Give me a break. Jeff's a fine fellow," Hatch said. "Naturally being from theSouth, the far left constantly tries to make all of them less than what theyare. But he's a very intelligent attorney. He's been a mainstay on the JudiciaryCommittee. ... I hope the Democrats don't make a fuss about it."He told the Global Leadership Coalition ccc which supports trade and strategicinvestment to build diplomacy ccc that his conversations with Trump lead him tobelieve he may soften campaign stances against some trade agreements, contendingthey would hurt U.S. workers."I've had chats with the president-elect. I think he's softening a bit on someof the things he did say," Hatch said. "Our economic and security interests areclosely tied to our ability to open markets and expand opportunities. ... Wehave some work to do to make that case, including it seems with some in theincoming administration."Hatch added that many in Washington are nervous because Trump owes nothing tothe longtime establishment, and they worry about whom he may appoint to hisadministration."It'll be very interesting to see who he picks," he said. "It's going to be aninteresting time."Hatch added he is sure Trump will pick good judges, as shown by a list hereleased of people he said he will consider for the U.S. Supreme Court (whichincluded Utah Sen. Mike Lee and his brother, Utah Supreme Court Associate ChiefJustice Thomas Lee)."I can guarantee you that Trump is going to appoint people who believe in theConstitution," he said.For those who still may be worried, Hatch quipped, "Our county can surviveanything, and it will survive whoever is president." He added he "would besaying that about Hillary [Clinton] as well" had she won.