I think the 2016 U.S. presidential elections resulted showed that Donald Trumpis a better public speaker than Hillary Clinton; that people are tired of Obamaadministration officials talking to us as if we're cranky 5-year-olds who objectto eating our peas; and that Clinton had a hard time responding in a credibleway to criticisms of her emails and performance as a secretary of state.Related: 5 Trump-era health policy losers, and 5 possible winnersI think the results also showed that government policies are changing thecountry's economic framework in ways that are squeezing wealth out of people inthe traditional, non-tech economy.On the surface, the national economy looks stronger than it was in 2009. Realestate prices have firmed up. Banks look solvent. Unemployment has come down.In many small towns and rural areas, and even in parts of thriving big cities,the picture looks different. Places where businesses use cash from the stockmarket to bring in imports or to sell high-tech products and services look rich.Other places look poor. In many of the poor places, just about the onlysurviving businesses are a bank branch, a few restaurants, a hair salon, adoctors' office, a ragged discount store that's trying to compete with Walmart,a Walmart that's struggling to compete with Amazon.com, and an insurance agencyoffice that's expected to sponsor every Little League baseball league within 40miles.Even in the rich places, publicly traded companies focus, mainly, on putting inoutposts of the same supermarket chains, drug store chains, fast foodrestaurants and cell phone shops. The storefronts are telling us that , even inthe rich places, people have little time or money to do much other than eat, getmedical care, and play with their phones.People selling life and health products see the effects of the hollowing out oftraditional-economy places every day.Ordinary people working in the traditional, private-sector economy have no timeto think about the future and little confidence in the stability of their jobs.They may have $5 for coffee today, but they can't promise they'll be able to pay$5 per day for life insurance, disability insurance or long-term care insurancenext year.Sudden, government-driven framework changes are imposing an obvious economic taxon people like you. Some new Affordable Care Act, Dodd-Frank or fiduciarystandard regulation has been turning your life upside down every other month.In other sectors, central bankers have set interest rates low to prop up homeprices and stock prices. Federal agencies have imposed tough labor,environmental, bank loan and securities rules to protect workers, theenvironment, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and investors. Tradenegotiators have eased trade rules, because of a firm belief among economiststhat free trade helps everyone, by creating manufacturing jobs in poorcountries, and lowering product costs and creating professional services jobs inrich countries.The government uses tax money from all workers, including traditional-economyworkers, to provide incentives for researchers and companies to push technologyforward. Many of those technology advances further squeeze the employers in thetraditional economy.All of those government-driven economic framework moves tend to favornew-economy employers over traditional-economy employers. Many of those movesmight be necessary. We all like breathing clean air. None of us want to see conartists swindling investors. And any government efforts to compensate people foreconomic framework changes may be too complicated, too expensive or tooineffective to be of any practical use. It's not clear, for example, how muchofficial efforts to protect workers displaced by free trade agreements havehelped.But the traditional-economy voters screamed on Nov. 8 that they wantpolicymakers to do something about the new-economy squeeze, not just put outpress releases talking about how, overall, everything looks good. Those votersdon't live in overall. They live in a place with a boarded up strip mall and afactory that's had a for-rent sign in the window for 10 years.Related:All state insurance commissioners win re-electionDems rule commissioner races, split on governorsHave you followed us on FacebookAre you following us on Facebook