As a top strategist in Bill Clinton's 1992 campaign against President GeorgeH.W. Bush during a recession, Democrat political consultant James Carvillecoined the phrase "It's the economy, stupid" and prominently posted it in thecampaign's Little Rock headquarters to keep the operation focused.Clinton's three primary messages "" "It's the economy, stupid," "Change vs. moreof the same" and "Don't forget health care" ""  concentrated the campaign andproduced a lopsided win of 370-168 in the Electoral College.During the recent presidential campaign and now with the key problems facing theincoming administration, it's much the same story. It's still the economy.With the anemic average annual economic growth during the Obama presidency,slightly more than just half what it was from the end of World War II to 2008,it's now taking nearly twice as long to double the size of the economy as in theseven post-World War II decades "" 21 years to double the GDP in the post-warperiod versus 40 years now.The cost of the economic slowdown and snail's-pace GDP growth during PresidentObama's two terms, nationally and per household, was summarized in Investor'sBusiness Daily's Nov. 7 report, "It's Still the Economy, Stupid; How NextPresident Can Return U.S. to Robust Growth": "If growth since 2008 had merelybeen average for recoveries since World War II, the economy would be $2.2trillion larger than it is now. Each household would have, on average, $17,000more in income. And we'd have about 6 million more jobs."To turn stagnation into a growth economy, the Trump administration and Congressface extensive problems and obstacles: Federal debt of $20 trillion ($166,000per taxpayer); steeply rising entitlement spending; federal expenditures up 118percent since 2000; crumbling inner-city economies; stagnating laborproductivity, business investment and household incomes; internationallyuncompetitive corporate tax rates; anti-business attitudes and edicts;anti-growth ideologies; overly burdensome regulations; entrepreneurs dispiritedby state-erected impediments and hurdles; an often wasteful and badly focusededucational system; and 47 million Americans below the poverty line.The Federal Register, which daily prints the U.S. government's proposed andfinal rules and regulations, is expected to exceed 90,000 pages for 2016, upfrom 80,260 for 2015.The "It's Still the Economy, Stupid" report cites the regulatory price: "In itsannual report, "[#x2dc]Ten Thousand Commandments: An Annual Snapshot of theFederal Regulatory State,' the Competitive Enterprise Institute notes thatregulations imposed by more than 60 federal departments, agencies andcommissions impose what it calls a "[#x2dc]hidden tax' of $1.9 trillion on theU.S. economy "" or roughly $15,000 per household per year."Additionally, the vast U.S. tax code "" 2.4 million words, plus 7.7 millionwords of clarification "" will cause Americans this year to spend an estimated8.9 billion hours and $409 billion filling out their taxes, according to the TaxFoundation. That's just the cost of compliance, not the cost of taxes paid.Ralph R. Reiland is associate professor of economics emeritus at Robert MorrisUniversity and a local restaurateur (rrreiland@aol.com).