Fake news about the presidential candidates received more traction on socialmedia sites such as Facebook and Twitter than real election reporting fromseveral mainstream news outlets combined, according to a recent Buzzfeedanalysis.That has led The New York Times, The Washington Post and others to take aim atfictional news sites and raise questions about how much they helped turn thepresidential election for Republican Donald Trump. But it might be just as validto ask questions of mainstream media news organizations that missed theinsurgency of Trump's supporters "" and that even seemed to ignore these angryvoters in the days leading up to the vote.It should not be surprising that reporters in New York, Washington and LosAngeles have little connection with populist voters in the flyover areas ofPennsylvania, Ohio and the rest of the country, said Robert Stewart, director ofthe E.W. Scripps School of Journalism at Ohio University.If you unfriend everyone on Facebook who disagrees with you, before long you'llsee only posts from people who agree with you.The same thing happens if you don't have any real friends who live in areaswhere populism took root."I think you could actually ask the question, "[#x2dc]How misleading are themainstream media?' Because in a way we were all misled," Stewart recently toldme. "I don't think it was intentional. I would hate to think that there isany conspiracy afoot. But it is the echo-chamber effect that I think is atplay."In the days since the election, news sites have scrambled to find populistvoters and hire reporters who can best tell their stories. Reporters haveflagellated themselves and vowed to do better.In an open letter to readers, New York Times Publisher Arthur Sulzberger Jr.wrote: "Did Donald Trump's sheer unconventionality lead us and other newsoutlets to underestimate his support among American voters?"Without answering his own question, Sulzberger said the newspaper would redoubleits efforts to report on the entire country "honestly, without fear or favor."That effort must trickle down to journalism schools, too. In an age when anyonewith a computer can be a publisher and broadcaster, students must understand notonly technological skills but also the foundations of ethical reporting:accuracy, fairness and a willingness to hear from all sides.Ohio University's journalism school recently removed the name of alumnus RogerAiles, the former Fox News chairman and CEO, from its newsroom. Ailes had given$500,000 to the school in 2007.The school did not make the move for political reasons but because ofallegations that Ailes had sexually harassed women who worked for him. Still,the move broke a visible connection that professors could use to talk about thework of Fox News reporters who do uphold journalistic traditions."We have to do our best not to isolate people who come from different politicalbackgrounds when they end up in our schools of journalism," Stewart said. "Ithink they often can feel very isolated."Under a Trump administration, conservative voices will find a more robustplatform than they ever have enjoyed before. It will be more important then thatjournalists "" across all personal beliefs "" strive for truth and fairnessabove all.Andrew Conte is the director of the Center for Media Innovation at Point ParkUniversity.