Prior to 1836, the state legislature chose North Carolina s governor. In 2016,it could do so again.A little-known provision of the state Constitution provides that, in case of acontested election for North Carolina s Council of State, the General Assemblymay vote to fill the position. The Council of State consists of the lieutenantgovernor and eight other statewide elected officers, including the attorneygeneral, the state auditor among others, and is supposed to advise the governor,oversee state property and perform various other duties.The provision was last used in 2004, with a close race for state superintendentof public instruction. The legislature, which was run by Democrats back then,intervened, and June Atkinson, a Democrat, was declared elected. (Atkinson wasre-elected in 2008 and 2012 and was defeated in the Nov. 8 election by MarkJohnson, a member of the Winston-Salem/Forsyth County Schools Board ofEducation).Now, the governor is not a member of the Council of State. Nevertheless, anumber of pundits are suggesting that if Gov. Pat McCrory doesn t like theresults of the recount in his close re-election race, he could appeal to thelegislature. Since the Republicans have overwhelming majorities in both housesof the General Assembly, he can count on a sympathetic hearing.One question that s not quite clear is what constitutes a  contested  election.In the 2004 race, the issue revolved around 11,000 provisional ballots.Currently, challenger Roy Cooper leads McCrory by at least 7,000 votes, out of4.6 million cast. Is that close enough to be considered contested?There are other problems, too. Unlike in 2004, all the state and local electionsboards in North Carolina are run by Republican majorities. McCrory will have ahard time arguing that he s the victim of massive voter fraud, since fellowRepublicans Donald Trump and Richard Burr won their statewide races by decisivemargins.And if the General Assembly can intervene in the governor s race, does it reallywant to? If the Honorables install McCrory, it s going to leave a bitter taste,suggesting that democracy is just fine, so long as the poor, deluded voters dont choose wrong.Such a vote, moreover, will almost certainly trigger intervention by the federalcourts. North Carolina will be left with egg on its face. We don t need this ontop of the bad publicity generated by HB-2.(In the presidential race, a movement is afoot for the U.S. Electoral College topick Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump).Incidentally, the first Tar Heel governor elected by direct vote of the peoplewas none other than Edward B. Dudley of Wilmington.Back in 1835, North Carolinians decided that having the legislature choose thegovernor was a bad idea. It still is.Legislators should keep their honorable noses out of this mess.