I oppose the recount.There are, to my mind, only two reasons to re-examine ballots in a presidentialcampaign, as Green Party candidate Jill Stein has raised money to do. The firstis in the event of error or fraud, but there is no evidence thereof in the 2016election, as Stein herself has admitted.The second is in the event the margin of victory is especially slim. And yes, inthe three states where Stein is pushing for a recount   Wisconsin, Michigan andPennsylvania   the margins are indeed thin, particularly in Michigan, whichHillary Clinton lost by just 11,612 votes.But in a case like that, the recount must begin immediately   and preferablyautomatically   to be seen as credible. A recount three weeks after the factcannot avoid the appearance of dirty tricks. Indeed, if the results in any ofthe states in question were overturned at this late date, Donald Trump ssupporters would suspect malfeasance   and be justified in doing so.Don t misunderstand: I remain unalterably convinced that the new president is anawful person and that America made a generations-defining mistake in choosinghim. But that does not give us license to casually undermine the integrity ofthe election.Besides, Trump is doing a fine job of that without Stein s help.You d think, what with recruiting the political equivalents of Darth Vader andVictor Von Doom for his Cabinet and presumably ordering a new Oval Office rugwith a giant golden  T  in the center, he d be too busy for such things, but youd be wrong. On Monday, Trump tweeted,  I won the popular vote if you deduct themillions of people who voted illegally.It was hardly the first time he didn t know what the hell he was talking about.Not only is there zero evidence this supposedly massive fraud happened, butsimple logic says that it could not. To be here illegally is to live off thegrid, to be paid in cash, avoid interactions with police, steer clear of CityHall. Why would one such person   let alone millions   jeopardize the securityof anonymity to cast a fraudulent vote?It s an idiotic idea. News organizations dutifully dubbed it  baseless,  toopolite to say that his claim contained enough steer manure to fertilize CentralPark.And at this point, anyone who ever believed in an ideal called America should beunnerved.A democracy is, in many ways, a fragile thing. As Thomas Jefferson wrote, itdepends for its very existence upon the  consent of the governed    meaning notour support of every action a government takes, but rather, our willingness tobelieve in its integrity. It is from this that democratic government derives itspower. Democracy, then, is an act of mutual agreement.In a nation of 320 million people who share no one ancestry, culture or faith,it is also connective tissue. The idea that my vote matters no more   or lessthan yours is the tie that binds an Inuit in Bethel, Alaska, to a Haitianrefugee in Miami to an Irish Catholic in Boston to a Mexican-American in SanDiego to a Muslim in Kansas City. It is the thing that makes us Americans.And it s the thing Trump burned down in his scorched earth appeal to bigotry andresentment. Now, here comes Stein in a desperate bid to deny the electorate itsappalling choice.Avatars of a demoralized left and a hateful right, they are alike in at leastone respect: their apparent willingness to damage what they purport to love.So we find ourselves at a no-win crossroads. Trump s victory is a terriblething.Stealing it would be even worse.Leonard Pitts is a columnist for The Miami Herald. Readers may contact him viae-mail at lpitts@miamiherald.com