You re white, Christine. You don t get it.You re straight, Christine. You don t get it.You re gender-conforming, Christine. You don t get it.You re not a Muslim, Christine. You don t get it.You re a citizen, Christine. You don t get it.You re not a real woman, Christine. You don t get it.The  it  in these accusations, all of which I ve actually heard from people whospend far too much time worrying about what I think, is persecution.I apparently don t  get  why people were trembling and angry and marching afterDonald Trump s presidential election victory because I am not a part of avulnerable group, at least to the extent that vulnerable encompasses race,religion, sexual orientation, and Hillary Clinton voters.I m a walking insult to every minority that exists in this society because Irefuse to bundle up tiny emotional care packages for the afflicted and won twalk on eggshells to avoid invading their  safe spaces.In some of the Facebook groups to which I belong, I am persona non grating onevery blessed nerve because I refuse to let people tell me that I m blinded bywhite privilege, cisgender privilege, U.S. passport privilege and all the otherprivileges  the good fairies dumped in my bassinet when I was just a mewlinginfant.Not impressed, not buying your hysteria, not bowing and scraping in acquiescenceto your pain.I get that there are some serious issues that need to be addressed, particularlyin the field of immigration, and I do not doubt the genuine distress that someof the good people in this country are feeling about imminent deportation. As animmigration lawyer, I m dealing with it and I m ready to stand between ICEagents and my clients and use every legal weapon at my disposal.On the other hand, I am not about to gin up fears that the wall is going to bebuilt tomorrow because doing so just allows unscrupulous men and women,including some who call themselves social activists, to exploit the plight ofthe undocumented.But just as I feel the pain of a man or woman who faces separation from theirchildren, or who have legitimate worries about what Trump means when he says hell deport the criminals (jaywalkers? People who jump in line at Target? Peoplewho park in the middle of the street?), I have no time for the hystericalrenderings of women who say their vaginas are going to be registered with thegovernment and they will be forced to breed babies to  make America procreateagain!  I have no time for rappers on Broadway who think it s important tolecture future vice presidents about how to be nice to sexual minorities and letthem pee wherever the spirit   or the spritz   moves them.And if you have a problem with my lack of empathy, you might not want tocontinue reading, because it really gets good.We the people elected a president, and while it might not be the president thateveryone liked or was rooting for or could even stomach without reaching for theDramamine, this man did not steal anyone s votes.People went to the polls and picked the guy The New York Times and every othernewspaper not written in Cyrillic told them to avoid like the plague. They didit. Many of us were not happy with the fact that he won, nor would we have beenhappy if the woman challenging him had beat his orange tuchus. It was adisgusting menu, and regardless of who was ultimately chosen, a majority of theelectoral diners were going to have a four-year case of nausea.But again, it was done fair-and-square and this asinine hashtag #notmypresidentbelongs in some sub-Saharan government where you win by killing your competitor,not in the United States.I definitely believe we should  come together,  but apparently that sacquiescing in hatred and bigotry. To some people, including journalists,self-styled activists and big-city mayors, we need to start hiding our gay,female, undocumented, and transgender neighbors in the free room we use forwinter storage.One of my friends said that if there is going to be a Muslim registry she, aCatholic, will register as a follower of Muhammad. As someone who lived throughan earlier Muslim registry called NSEERS about a decade ago, I can pretty muchpromise (a) it s not going to happen because (b) it didn t work the first timearound since (c) the government is inept at this sort of thing and (d) the ACLUwill justifiably and nobly fight it so (e) don t throw away your rosaries.I m sure the people who like to feel victimized are outraged by my failure torespect their victimhood. It is a powerful weapon, this need to make others feelguilty about possibly causing pain. It is used to keep others in line, a passiveaggressive bit of genius to keep dissent at a manageable level. How dare you notempathize with my fear that Donald Trump will dissolve my same sex marriage!(Not happening, as he said on  60 Minutes. ) How dare you not understand myhorror at having to pay for my own birth control (that, maybe, will happen if wecan finally tweak Obamacare into a workable system.) How dare you not feel mypain at the prospect of having to pee next to a man just because I have a penisI never asked for. (I ll let Mike Pence deal with that one.)It s the  how dares  that now determine how we deal.I m sorry, but I will give every person his or her due respect. I will honortheir lifestyles, their beliefs, their political affiliations and even theirright to hate me. That is the essence of America.But I will not be forced to legitimize their fears, fueled by partisan rhetoric,whipped up into a fury by social media, carried to a crescendo by irrationalwhisper down the lane  rumors and used against those who made the mistake of notvoting for Hillary Clinton.I think Emerson said it best:Let me never fall into the vulgar mistake of dreaming that I am persecutedwhenever I am contradicted.Amen.