WASHINGTON   Tuesday of last week was quiet. Wednesday was quiet, too. Thepitchforks started arriving last Thursday, about 36 hours after the presidentialelection was called. They were virtual pitchforks, but still. Email after email.Tweets. Phone calls. Facebook posts.Some profane. Some pleading. One subject line:  electoral votes are wrongAnother:  Vote in Hillary Clinton Dec. 19  Another:  Letter to America  Another:HELP  So it goes at the Office of the Federal Register, which administers theelectoral college and now finds itself at the center of a populist brouhaha. Theelectoral college is not an actual place - no grassy quad, nor group of peoplesharing a space. It exists for one day every four years and then vanishes, likeBrigadoon, until the next presidential election. The closest thing to a physicalheadquarters is this office, one half of the seventh floor of a neoclassicalbrick building over an Au Bon Pain, six blocks north of the Capitol, in aneighborhood historically referred to as Swampoodle. Over the past week, theOffice of the Federal Register has been inundated by Americans wanting to learnabout - or somehow control - the college, which is comprised of the 538 partyofficials who will actually go about the formal business of electing DonaldTrump president on Dec. 19, based on the popular votes of each state. Manypeople have something to say about that, partly because Hillary Clinton won themost votes nationwide, partly because Donald Trump is Donald Trump.  It s justthat they keep coming,  says Miriam Vincent, staring at her inbox Wednesdaymorning.  And every time we get close to having a handle on it, we get more. Itgoes on. And on.  Her email pings.  And on.  Vincent has 558 unread emails, agrande chai in her hand, and a big bottle of Excedrin Migraine on her cluttereddesk. She is a staff attorney in the Legal Affairs and Policy Division in theOffice of the Federal Register under the National Archives and RecordsAdministration. What that really means, right now, is that she is dealing withthe nation s collective freakout about the electoral college. Millions of Trumphaters who can t handle Clinton s loss are signing petitions to persuadeelectors to vote as the majority of Americans did, which would be completelypermissible and also pretty unprecedented. Actual electors are being lobbied andharassed, according to the Idaho Statesman, and this frantic energy has alsofunneled toward the Office of the Federal Register, whose website is the secondGoogle hit when you search  electoral college.  Death threats. Promises of civilwar. Inappropriate photographs. Students with homework questions. A daughter ofHolocaust survivors who called to sob into the ear of a government bureaucrat. Awoman in Florida who wanted Vincent to do something about Russian hacking. Onlyfour employees work in Vincent s division. In the past week, each has taken onthe role of civics teacher, and the role of therapist.  You really need a thickskin,  says Amy Bunk, the division director.  People are venting theirfrustration. This woman, who didn t understand the system at all, ended upaccusing me of interrupting her and thinking she was stupid.  She sighs.  Ispent an hour on the phone with her.  The Office of the Federal Register haspale blue walls and a ceiling of fluorescence. It looks like any warren ofnonpartisan bureaucracy: Cubicles. Giant binder clips. Stacks of blank paper.Boxes labeled  FAA Airworthiness Directives.  Boxes of material labeled  BURN.An old-fashioned card catalogue for the president s executive orders. An emailfrom Troy, Michigan, sent 93 minutes before Trump was declared the winner lastweek:  OK I little confused..........tell why do we have a general election ifour vote does not count for the Presidential election?  The normal work in thisoffice is the publishing of the daily Federal Register, which includesgovernment agencies  notices and proposed rules, plus presidential documentssuch as speeches and proclamations. It s America s paper trail, wide open foranyone to see, textual government transparency in action. They ve processed over28,000 documents so far this year. They publish every business day, even if D.C.is closed for snow, even if the government is shut down.  And every four yearswe have this dropped on us,  Vincent says. It goes back to a 1950 governmentreorganization that moved administrative responsibility for the electoralcollege from the State Department to the National Archives.  And we have itbecause the archivist said,  You re doing it.  Maybe the (Register) director wasstanding in the wrong place at the wrong time.Miriam Vincent, staff attorney at the Office of the Federal Register, has beenbombarded with emails inquiring about the workings of the electoral college inthe wake of Donald Trump s election. EVELYN HOCKSTEIN/THE WASHINGTON POSTThe electoral college is not a physical space. But it is administered by thisWashington agency, the Office of the Federal Register, north of Capitol Hill.EVELYN HOCKSTEIN/THE WASHINGTON POST