Just six weeks ago, Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., penned an op-ed for TheWashington Post dismissing any concerns about voter fraud and electioninsecurity as the whining of a soon-to-be-defeated Donald Trump.What a difference a month makes.Now, liberal groups, having forced a recount in Wisconsin, are rallying behinddefeated Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein s efforts to expand theeffort to Michigan and Pennsylvania, which, like Wisconsin, helped hand theWhite House to President-elect Trump. Their theory: the election may have beenrigged by Russian hackers or some other troublemakers.It s remarkable   and welcome   that the political left has finally awoken tothe reality that American elections are vulnerable to acts of fraud.Conservatives have been saying so for years. Yet this latest move   which lacksany supporting evidence   seems more a cynical political ploy with theundertones of a Nigerian scam than an actual awakening to the reality of voterfraud.After all, consider the wildly different reactions from many on the left todueling claims of voter fraud by Stein and president-elect Trump. Stein has beenembraced as a crusader for, in her words, promoting a  voting system we cantrust.  But the president-elect s suggestion that he was robbed of a popularvote victory by millions of illegally voting non-citizens was met with scorn.Many of the same outlets that had lent weight to Stein s claims of Russianhacking once again insisted that voter fraud simply does not exist.There is little direct evidence that illegal ballots were cast in numberssignificant enough to deny the president-elect a lead in the popular vote. Butto deny even the possibility that this type of fraud occurs is laughable becauseit is demonstrably false.Over the last two years, scholars at The Heritage Foundation have gathered theevidence that many insist does not exist: proof that old-fashioned voter fraudis real. Our voter fraud database now details nearly 450 confirmed examples(encompassing 721 actual criminal convictions), including in-person fraud,absentee ballot fraud, duplicate voting, illegal felon voting and, yes, evennon-citizen voting.The tales vary. In Alabama, Olivia Lee Reynolds conspired to ensure that herboyfriend, Dothan City Commissioner Amos Newsome, won his 2013 campaign.Reynolds filled out voters  absentee ballots for them, depriving them of theirchance to vote for another candidate. Newsome won 96 percent of the absenteevote and carried the election by a scant 14 votes, though he lost the in-personvote. Reynolds was convicted of 24 counts of voter fraud.In Ohio, a poll worker named Melowese Richardson voted twice in the 2012election. In three other elections, Richardson voted in the names of others,including her comatose sister. She was convicted and sentenced to serve fiveyears in prison.Rogelio Mejorada-Lopez, a Mexican citizen, successfully registered and votedillegally in three elections in Alaska. He was charged with three counts ofunlawfully voting as a non-citizen, and pleaded guilty.These cases are just a small sampling from the Heritage database, which isitself the tip of the proverbial iceberg. Most states lack the procedural toolsneeded to detect voter fraud, either before or after it occurs. Few of ournation s overworked prosecutors devote the resources needed to prosecute thesecases, especially after elections are over. While easy to commit, most voterfraud simply goes undetected and, therefore, unpunished.While we cannot with any certainty quantify the scale and scope of electionfraud, evidence suggests that it has the potential to be significant. Accordingto a 2012 Pew study, one out of every eight voter registrations is inaccurate orout of date, and 2.8 million people are registered to vote in more than onestate.With these facts in mind, there are many wiser avenues, besides politicallymotivated recounts, into which Americans should channel their election-integrityenergies. Pushing for voter identification laws, for states to routinely audittheir voter rolls and for officials to aggressively prosecute fraudsters wouldall help to deter and prevent election fraud. And, because concerns abouthacking are not unwarranted, the country should avoid any proposals totransition to online voting.Elections are the fundamental, foundational core of our democracy. Thatfoundation is eroded every time a fraudulent ballot is cast. The problem isserious. It deserves serious solutions, not political stunts.Jason Snead is a policy analyst in the Meese Center for Legal and JudicialStudies at The Heritage Foundation.