Our elections seem to be a mess nowadays.Here it is December and we still haven t decided races on the local, state ornational level.And a three-judge federal court panel is now demanding a special legislativeelection in 2017. It said 28 N.C. House and Senate districts were improperlydrawn by the GOP majority.The New Hanover County Board of Elections may have violated the law bycertifying the 2016 county races prematurely.The board dismissed   rightly   two challenges by John Christian Anderson, whowasn t a candidate. Two board members rebuked Anderson for waiting so long tofile protests that seemed frivolous.Then the board voted 2-1 to certify the vote against the advice of electionsstaff and a county attorney. Deputy County Attorney Kemp Burpeau said the boardwas supposed to wait five days after dismissing Anderson s protests. But byThursday afternoon the board had changed its tune and rescinded Thursday mornings certification.Also, two of the losing candidates have requested recounts in the tight race. Arecount upset or a successful appeal by Anderson could force the county tounseat a commissioner who has already cast votes.A mess, right?The county elections board had postponed its recount to see if the State Boardof Elections orders a statewide recount.That could come about because the governor s race between Republican incumbentPat McCrory and Democratic challenger Roy Cooper is still undecided.A statewide recount appears unlikely now that Cooper s lead appears to havestretched past the 10,000-vote threshold that would trigger it.But the state board, voting along party lines, has ordered Durham County to do amachine recount after 90,000 votes came in late on Election Day. Severalmachines couldn t tabulate results so the machines  paper rolls had to becounted by hand. That s why machines have paper rolls.This after McCrory filed numerous challenges on the county level, most over ahandful of votes. They were rejected by three-person county boards that, by law,have two representatives from the governor s party.So we ll wait while Durham County counts again.Meanwhile, Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein, who garnered about 1percent of the vote, is raising millions to finance demanding recounts or auditsin Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania.The remnants of Hillary Clinton s unsuccessful campaign   she won the popularvote by more than 2 million votes but lost decisively in the Electoral Collegehave joined the effort.The costly effort seems an exercise in futility. The margin in Pennsylvania wasmore than 68,000 votes, and in all three states the margins are far wider thanhas ever been overturned by previous recounts.This is what happens in a 50/50 electorate. Races with slim margins are prone tochallenges.Durham s machine woes notwithstanding, the 100 county elections boards in NorthCarolina by and large conducted clean elections, responding well to latecourt-mandated rule changes.At least it seemed that way until the New Hanover board s rush to certify.Stay tuned.