20 WORDS (ABOUT). ANY TOPIC. NO NAME.n Catherine McCall s Cape Fear Voices essay on Monday mentioned  honesty andtruth,  suggesting that was the platform the Clinton/Kaine campaign represented.It amazes me how something can be interpreted so many different ways.n In answer to Catherine McCall s op-ed claiming Republicans  dismiss the valuesof honesty and truth    are you kidding me? And you voted for Hillary?n Why do police engage in chases for relatively minor offenses? RecentPittsburgh chase for probation violation resulted in three innocent lives lost.n Son mistakes father for deer and kills him on Thanksgiving. I m no hunter, butthought hunters were to wear bright orange, attend safety classes and don tshoot until you see exactly what you re shooting at!n Please ask a Native American if the rest of us are descendants of  legalimmigrants?n Canadian Mounties disappointed   no show on big-mouth celebrities.n Dear Gentle Editors: If you admit the Buzz has a 200+ backlog, why notallocate more space to something so popular?(Editor s note: A fair point. We think the daily space it gets is about right.Would add more opinion pages but newsprint isn t cheap. The Eds).n Looks like Trump is busy juggling time for his businesses and preparing forthe highest office in the land. Is this the change his voters were looking for?n Leonard Pitts is my favorite columnist. I will read him online even if you dont publish in this paper. He s tops!(Editor s note: The StarNews will continue to publish Leonard Pitts. As we dowith all our regular columnists, we will pick and choose which ones to use. Someof Pitts  columns, for example, focus solely on the Miami area).n Hillary Clinton is joining Jill Stein to contest the presidential election inthree states. She will either be humiliated or she will start our second civilwar.n Trump won 30 states. Clinton s entire popular vote majority came fromCalifornia. Eliminate Electoral College and California elects president everyfour years.n Just when we thought things couldn t get any worse, you tell us the RightHonorables could anoint McCrory governor!n How about this holiday season we worry about our own hungry, homeless, andhelpless? Charity truly should begin at home.n If the $20 trillion in U.S. debt were converted into seconds, it would equal684,180 years. Continue to ignore it?n So happy to find Garrison Keillor on the op-ed page!n To those seeking majority rule, imagine what the outcome would be if N.C. putHB2 to a referendum, or gay marriage for that matter.n The beliefs and thoughts shared by Leonard Pitts are exactly why Hillary lost.n Purpose of electoral college is so that NY, CA and Illinois do not selectpresident. I suggest that each state and territory gets one vote and that willbe assigned to whoever wins the majority in that state. Sounds fair.n Sick of all the Hamilton glorification. Broadway play is fictitious spin onthe life of a far from perfect man who cheated in the Burr duel.n Sunday headline:  Cubans worry what s next . Well, guess what? So do millionsof Americans ... and Trump is still living!n To Buzzer who wants to help transport my children downtown to achievediversity   no thanks. They also ride the bus, all three of them   to theirneighborhood schools.n I m so sad over the happenings of this November, I can t even read my belovedcomics.