SOUTHEASTERN N.C.   Chip Carroll has lived in a rural setting his entire life.I guess that s been 62 years,  the Brunswick County resident said in the smalloffice that serves as the hub for his sand mining operation in Northwest,population 735.Meanwhile, Evelyn Bryant is as urban as can be. She s grown up in and continuesto live and work in downtown Wilmington, saying she enjoys being within walkingdistance of work and her daughter s school.Bryant called the southern end of Eighth Street the city s  south side  and nowlives on Campbell Street. The 49-year-old legal assistant has no plans to move,saying she can t stand the idea of dealing with suburban sprawl or having todrive too far for work.And while they mostly reflected voting patterns of the typical urban and ruraldivide, each said they should not be typecast in their roles.Red and blueThe swath of Republican red and splotches ofSee divide,  A10Democratic blue over election maps shows that the three-county region has asmuch of an urban-rural divide as anywhere else.It s not a new thing,  said Aaron King, professor of political science at theUniversity of North Carolina Wilmington.  It s been going on for some time.Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton claimed all of downtownWilmington, but managed to win just a handful of less-populated areas.Bryant said she voted mostly Democrat, following a trend in the urban areas ofWilmington.I think the candidates I ve always been acquainted with on the Democratic side... I ve been able to relate to them,  she said.That does not mean Democrats always have her vote. She said she has voted forRepublicans.I don t do the Republican or Democrat thing,  Bryant said.Meanwhile, President-elect Donald Trump, a Republican, claimed nearly everysuburban and rural area of the region   including all but one precinct inBrunswick County.But Carroll said any attempts to pigeonhole him based on his rural setting wouldbe unfounded.A lot of it is just people trying to put people in a certain class,  he said.  Ivote for the person I think will do the best job. I don t vote straight-ticketDemocrat or Republican.And, he said, among farmers,  I don t know many of them who vote straightticket.Statewide, Trump won 76 of the state s 100 counties, with Clinton claiming thestate s seven most populous counties, according to the N.C. State Board ofElections.New Hanover County, after Gaston, was the second-most populous county Trump wonin the state.I think a number of hardworking men and women in the state and country voted forDonald Trump because he represented a fresh face and a compelling case,  saidU.S. Rep. David Rouzer, R-N.C., who supported Trump s campaign.  I think thevote for Trump was largely symbolic of the deep desire of millions of Americanswho wanted their country back.The rural effectPart of the divide, King said, is that rural voters are less likely to interactdirectly with their local, state and federal governments, whereas people inurban centers see government in action more often, through police, courts, firedepartments, libraries, community centers and a host of other services.People in rural areas are more skeptical of government, not only the role ofgovernment but whether their government cares about them,  he said. People whofelt a  rural resentment increasingly feel like politicians ... don t understandwhat it s like for them.And Trump, who promised to change Washington s ways, was able to tap into thatskepticism and resentment of the government better than Clinton, who served asfirst lady, a U.S. senator and as U.S. secretary of state.A lot of Trump supporters liked him because he is an outsider,  King said.Carroll said he imagines that Trump was able to do well in rural areas becauseof regulations that have hurt agriculture, specifically an EnvironmentalProtection Agency rule about surface waters. The regulation has been criticizedas an overreach by the EPA that restricts the ability of farmers to use theirland if there is standing water   including from a storm   on the land for anextended period of time.It s a devastating law for agriculture,  said Carroll, the president of theBrunswick County Farm Bureau.  People feel like Trump might overturn it.King said the biggest gain Trump and Republicans got was from whites withoutcollege degrees. Trump s margin with that group was 14 percent higher than thatof 2012 Republican candidate Mitt Romney. A large part of rural America iscomposed of these voters, he said.I think that s a group that felt the Democratic Party was not addressing them,King said.  This urban-rural divide could be seen in 2008 and 2012, but now wehave an even bigger divide because of that population. It s very clear wherethose votes are coming from.Not a total GOP victoryOne race that saw a major Democratic victory was the apparent election win ofN.C. Attorney General Roy Cooper to unseat incumbent Republican Gov. PatMcCrory.Obviously, the voters of North Carolina viewed that race differently,  Rouzersaid.Rouzer said McCrory was in the difficult position of trying to tout the state ssuccesses while Trump was simultaneously telling voters that the country was indire straits.The messages were so stark that, during an appearance in Winston-Salem, Trumpsaid  jobs around here are scarce  and that unemployment figures are notaccurate and shouldn t be trusted. This was moments after McCrory told the crowdthat job growth in the state was good and unemployment was down.Rouzer said McCrory was left with the difficult position of trying to convincevoters that things were good in North Carolina and would only get better ifTrump and McCrory were both elected to office.You had Trump with one message ... that ran contrary to the message that Pat wastrying to articulate,  Rouzer said.  I think both candidates were right in whatthey were saying, but that s a hard message (for McCrory) to convey because it scomplicated.And McCrory may have lost support from the agriculture community, as Carrollsaid he was an enthusiastic Cooper supporter, partly because Cooper grew up inrural Nash County. McCrory is from Charlotte and served as that city s mayorbefore being elected governor.I was a hard Cooper guy,  he said.  I feel like he ll be better for easternNorth Carolina.Delivering serviceThose tasked with delivering services   either as elected officials orgovernment employees   said they never look at election results when asked toprovide a service.Avril Pinder, New Hanover County s deputy county manager, said residents inrural areas north of Interstate 140 can expect the same response as someoneliving in Wilmington s Landfall neighborhood.Do we do different services based on your zip code? No,  she said.  The answeris we re going to be consistent in the delivery of government service.Rouzer won nearly every precinct in his district over Democrat J. WesleyCasteen, who ran a shoestring campaign on limited funds. But Casteen took nearlyall of downtown Wilmington from the Republican incumbent. No matter, Rouzersaid. A constituent issue coming from 10th Street in Wilmington is given thesame attention as one in rural Brunswick County.The campaign is the campaign. But once you re in office, it s your job torepresent everybody,  he said.  I don t look at how the region votes, whetherthey voted for me or not.Hamilton, who lost all but one precinct in Brunswick County to her opponent,Republican Gerald Benton, agreed to an extent.All constituent service ... is treated equally,  she said.  We don t even check(a constituent s) political party. It would never be weighted that way.But, she said, some overarching decisions can have impacts, intentional or not,that adversely impact one segment. An example she gave was the state s decisionto move to an apolitical formula for road construction funding based on a pointsystem using traffic counts and other objective factors. While it removedpolitics from decision-making, its reliance on traffic counts could leave ruralareas with lesser-maintained roads.Where it can get sticky is when you have policy decisions that benefit ruralareas over urban areas or vice versa,  she said.Served by governmentCarroll said he believes local and state officials are responsive to farmersneeds once elections are over.We all have to work with whoever gets elected,  he said.Bryant, though, said she doesn t believe government is as responsive to hercommunity. An example she gave of government failing to reach her entirecommunity included downtown community centers that  are mostly a gym  andmuseums that feature little to no African-American culture.Government puts you in a box and makes you feel like you can only do this ...and there s no other way,  Bryant said.So she said she has gotten involved, volunteering on community boards to changethings and look out for those without means to speak up for themselves.We all have something we can offer,  Bryant said.Reporter Tim Buckland can be reached at 910-343-2217 orTim.Buckland@StarNewsOnline.comContinued from A1Chip Carroll at his Saw Mill Sand Mine in Northwest. TIM BUCKLAND/STARNEWSEvelyn Bryant of Wilmington works in her office in downtown. She has lived andworked in downtown for most of her life. TIM BUCKLAND/STARNEWSEvelyn Bryant of Wilmington at her office in downtown Wilmington. She has livedand worked in downtown for most of her life. TIM BUCKLAND/STARNEWS