WASHINGTON >> Steven Terner Mnuchin, a financier with deep roots on Wall Streetand in Hollywood but no government experience, is expected to be named Donald J.Trump's Treasury secretary as soon as Wednesday, sources close to the transitionsay.Mnuchin, 53, was the national finance chairman for Trump's campaign. He beganhis career at Goldman Sachs, where he became a partner, before creating his ownhedge fund, moving to the West Coast and entering the first rank of moviefinanciers by bankrolling hits like the "X-Men" franchise and "Avatar."As Treasury secretary, Mnuchin would play an important role in shaping theadministration's economic policies, including a package of promised tax cuts,increased spending on infrastructure and changes in the terms of foreign trade.He could also help lead any effort to roll back President Barack Obama's nucleardeal with Iran and opening to Cuba by reimposing sanctions on Tehran and Havana.His selection fits uneasily with much of Trump's campaign rhetoric attacking thefinancial industry. Trump, in a campaign ad intended as a closing argument,portrayed the chief executive of Goldman Sachs as the personification of aglobal elite that the ad said had "robbed our working class."But Mnuchin has said that he agrees with Trump's priorities, and he was an earlysupporter of a candidate who clearly prizes loyalty.When Trump won New York's Republican presidential primary in April, Mnuchinattended the victory party. The next day, he accepted Trump's invitation tobecome the campaign's national finance director.Mnuchin, the son of a Goldman Sachs partner, joined the firm after graduatingfrom Yale University. He worked there for 17 years, rising to oversee trading ingovernment securities and mortgage bonds.Mnuchin has never worked in government, but Treasury secretaries are often drawnfrom the private sector. He would become the third Goldman alumnus to serve inthe job, after Henry M. Paulson Jr., under President George W. Bush; and RobertE. Rubin, under President Bill Clinton.Transportation: ChaoShe is a woman and an immigrant, a fixture of the Republican establishment fortwo decades. She is a savvy and professional practitioner of the capital'sinside game.And now she is going to work for President-elect Donald Trump.Trump named Elaine L. Chao on Tuesday as his choice to be the next secretary oftransportation, elevating someone whose background and experience are in manyrespects completely at odds with the brash and disruptive tenor of hisanti-Washington campaign.But her selection also signaled Trump's understanding of the need to surroundhimself with people who can help him accomplish the most ambitious parts of hisagenda, even if they come from the political establishment he has so oftenscorned.His transportation secretary is likely to be one of the more essential players.Trump, a real estate magnate, has said that infrastructure redevelopment will bea priority of his first 100 days in office. And Chao has experience -politically and personally - in navigating the competing centers of power in thecapital. She is married to Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., the majority leader.This will be her second time serving in a White House Cabinet if she isconfirmed. As secretary of labor under President George W. Bush, she was theonly official in his administration to serve all eight years.Before that, she worked in various departments across the federal government.She was a White House fellow under President Ronald Reagan and the director ofthe Peace Corps under President George Bush, who also named her deputytransportation secretary.Her r[#xfffd]sum[#xfffd] speaks to the ease with which she runs in powerfulcircles in Washington and beyond. She has worked for Harvard's Kennedy School ofGovernment as well as the conservative Heritage Foundation. She was also afrequent commentator on Fox News, a role that several of Trump's other Cabinetpicks and candidates share, like K.T. McFarland, whom he named as his deputynational security adviser.She adds some diversity to a Cabinet that is so far heavily older, white andmale. Chao, 63, was born in Taiwan and moved to the U.S. with her family whenshe was 8.While the public aspects of her life are well known, Chao has also played anintegral, behind-the-scenes role in her husband's political career, mostrecently as he fought off efforts to unseat him in 2014. Described by friendsand colleagues as unrelenting, she occasionally stepped out into the public eyeto take on her husband's antagonists.Sometimes they also came for her, and she was happy to take them on as well.After a liberal Kentucky group suggested in 2013 that Chao was somehow connectedto the flight of U.S. jobs to China - a jab evidently intended to portrayMcConnell as too cozy with U.S. business interests - she starred in a commercialand rushed to his defense. "Far-left special interests are also attacking myethnicity, even attacking Mitch's patriotism, because he's married to me," shesaid. "That's how low some people will stoop."Trump was impressed by her energy and drive, a senior transition official said,speaking anonymously to reveal the private interactions between Chao and thepresident-elect. He also admired her no-nonsense attitude, this official said.But now that she is in line for a prominent position in Trump's Cabinet, it isher own ties to business that are likely to come under scrutiny. As laborsecretary, she faced criticism that her department favored business and was laxon enforcement and worker safety.At the time, she dismissed those concerns as "partisan."Return of RomneyThe president-elect summoned a former foe, former Massachusetts Gov. MittRomney, for dinner Tuesday night to discuss the secretary of state job for asecond time.Trump also met with Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker, chairman of the Senate ForeignRelations Committee, having met with former CIA director David Petraeus the daybefore.After his meeting, Corker told reporters, "The world needs to know that thesecretary of state is someone who speaks fully for the president," a possiblejab at former GOP presidential nominee Romney, who aggressively opposed Trump'scandidacy.Transition aides said Trump was likely at least a few days away from a decision.The New York Times and Associated Press contributed to this report.