LOWELL -- Steve Kornacki was as surprised as just about anyone on the night ofElection Day, watching as Donald Trump pulled off a major upset to take thepresidency.Kornacki, after all, is an MSNBC political correspondent whose job is to look atpolls and tell viewers his observations, and he watched momentum shift in justmoments from Hillary Clinton to Trump."I had about 30 seconds to recover my composure" before going on air, the Grotonnative said in a talk at UMass Lowell's O'Leary Library Friday. "Just to processit."Kornacki took the audience through his election night, first as he saw exitpolling in Florida take a dramatic turn, from a 100,000 vote margin for Clintonto only about 4,000. That was when he needed to regain his composure as heconsidered what that meant for the rest of the country.Suddenly, areas of North Carolina and Virginia went more for Trump thanexpected. The Rust Belt, especially, shifted dramatically from how it voted in2012."To say that, to just shift in the course of 20 minutes, from 'Everything isgoing just as people expected' to 'Hey folks, Donald Trump really might winhere,' I remember saying it, and thinking, I hope I don't regret this in threeor four hours," he said.Of course, Kornacki was not wrong. Trump did win, and Kornacki said much of therest of the night was a blur to him as MSNBC and others tried to grasp what hadhappened.Kornacki defended polling, which although he wasn't directly involved in, he didoften read the results on-air.Most put Clinton's victory margin at about 4 percent, and she will likely end upwinning the popular vote by 2 percent. The difference, of course, is that Trumpwon in key states such as Florida, North Carolina, Pennsylvania and Ohio."It was one of the more bizarre outcomes we've ever seen in a presidentialelection," he said. Trump voters, he said, were "in just the right places to getthat magic number of electoral votes."If there's one thing that was missed, Kornacki said, it was how drasticallydifferent voters who supported President Obama twice then went with Trump, whostarted accusations that Obama was not born in the United States. In many cases,he said, it was a case of voters not trusting Clinton and wanting someone theythought would be tougher.Kornacki, who wore a sweater, khakis and sneakers, is known for his energetic,demonstrative style. When Democratic National Committee emails were leaked thissummer, one aide's email criticized him as "playing hipster pitbull."Since graduating from Boston University, Kornacki's career has taken him fromcovering politics in New Jersey to the news website Salon, where he was thesenior political writer and politics editor from 2010 to 2013.The presidential election was a boon for cable TV networks. Forbes reported thisweek that MSNBC, Fox News and CNN all had major ratings increases from theprevious November. In MSNBC's case, it was a 98 percent rise.Follow Grant Welker on Twitter and Tout @SunGrantWelker.