NEW YORK (AP) -- Donald Trump's hunt for a secretary of state is veering intodramatic terrain, with the president-elect summoning Mitt Romney back for asecond look as a top aide leads a public pressure campaign against the pick.Trump has a follow-up meeting Tuesday with the 2012 GOP presidential nominee,who has become a symbol of the internal divisions agitating the transition team.He also plans to sit with Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker, the chairman of the SenateForeign Relations Committee. On Monday, Trump spent an hour with retired Gen.David Petraeus, a new contender.Aides were divided over Trump's choices, particularly the prospect that Trumpcould tap Romney for the top-tier diplomatic post. In an unusual public airingof internal machinations, Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway on Sunday warnedthat the president-elect's supporters would feel "betrayed" if he tapped Romneyas secretary of state.Exiting Trump Tower on Monday night, Vice President-elect Mike Pence simplyteased "a number of very important announcements tomorrow."On Tuesday morning, the Trump transition team announced the selection of GeorgiaRep. Tom Price to lead the Department of Health and Human Services. It alsoannounced that Seema Verma has been chosen to be administrator of the Centersfor Medicare and Medicaid Services.While other staffing decisions were being made, the search for secretary ofstate was still underway. Petraeus said he spent about an hour with thepresident-elect and praised him for showing a "great grasp of a variety of thechallenges that are out there."The former CIA chief pleaded guilty last year to a misdemeanor charge ofmishandling classified information relating to documents he had provided to hisbiographer, with whom he was having an affair.Pence, who is heading the transition effort, is said to be among those backingRomney for secretary of state. Romney was fiercely critical of Trump throughoutthe campaign but is interested in the Cabinet position, and they discussed itduring a lengthy meeting earlier this month.Other top Trump allies, notably Conway, have launched a highly unusual publiccampaign against a Romney nomination. Conway's comments stirred speculation thatshe is seeking either to force Trump's hand or give him cover for ultimatelypassing over Romney.Three people close to the transition team said Trump had been aware that Conwayplanned to voice her opinion, both on Twitter and in television interviews. Theydisputed reports that Trump was furious at her and suggested his decision toconsider additional candidates instead highlighted her influence.Trump is said to have offered Conway a choice of White House jobs -- eitherpress secretary or communications director. But people with knowledge ofConway's plans say she is more interested in serving as an outside politicaladviser, akin to the role President Barack Obama's campaign manager DavidPlouffe played following the 2008 election.Trump was considering former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani to head theHomeland Security Department, according to those close to the transitionprocess. Giuliani was initially the front-runner for secretary of state and isstill in the mix. But questions about his overseas business dealings, as well ashis public campaigning for the job, have given Trump pause.Those close to the transition insisted on anonymity in commenting because theywere not authorized to publicly discuss the private process.In addition to the public staffing spat, the campaign was forced Monday todefend Trump's baseless assertions of illegal voting, made in angry response toa recount effort.That effort, led by Green Party candidate Jill Stein and joined by HillaryClinton's campaign, marched on in three states, based partly on the Steincampaign's unsubstantiated assertion that cyber-hacking could have interferedwith electronic voting machines. Wisconsin officials approved plans to begin arecount as early as Thursday. Stein also asked for a recount in Pennsylvania andwas expected to do the same in Michigan, where officials certified Trump'svictory Monday.Trump has denounced the recounts and now claims without evidence that he, notClinton, would have won the popular vote if it hadn't been for "millions ofpeople who voted illegally." On Twitter, he singled out Virginia, California andNew Hampshire.There has been no indication of widespread election tampering or voter fraud inthose states or any others. Trump aides struggled Monday to back up their boss'claim.------Pace reported from Washington. AP writer Jonathan Lemire contributed to thisreport.------Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC andhttp://twitter.com/catherine--lucey