WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Republican-led House on Friday overwhelmingly backed a$611 billion defense policy bill that rejects a number of President BarackObama's key proposals for managing the nation's vast military enterprise.Lawmakers passed the legislative package, 375-34. The bill now goes to theSenate where a vote is expected early next week.The bill, crafted after weeks of talks between House and Senate negotiators,prohibits Obama from following through on his longstanding campaign pledge toclose the prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. The bill also bars the Pentagon fromreducing the number of military bases even though senior U.S. defense officialssaid there is excess capacity, and it awards U.S. troops their largest pay raisein six years. Obama had recommended a smaller pay increase.The bill would prevent the Pentagon from forcing thousands of CaliforniaNational Guard troops to repay enlistment bonuses and benefits they received adecade after they signed up to serve in Iraq and Afghanistan. Soldiers wouldhave to return a bonus only if a "preponderance of the evidence" shows they knewthey weren't eligible to receive the money.Even at $611 billion, the Republican chairman of the House Armed ServicesCommittee lamented that more money is needed in the defense budget to restockthe U.S. arsenal worn down by 15 years of conflict. Rep. Mac Thornberry of Texassaid he is hopeful President-elect Donald Trump, who pledged during the campaignto spend more on the military, will ask Congress early next year to boost fiscalyear 2017 military spending even further.During his 2008 bid for president, Obama pledged to close the detention facilityat Guantanamo, which he called a recruiting tool for extremist groups. ButRepublicans and a number of Democrats repeatedly thwarted his goal over theensuing years, arguing the prison was badly needed for housing suspectedterrorists. The ban on closing the prison also includes a prohibition on movingGuantanamo detainees to secure facilities in the U.S.Trump has not only pledged to keep Guantanamo open, he said during the campaignthat he wants to "load it up with some bad dudes."The defense legislation also authorizes a 2.1 percent pay raise for the troops-- a half-percentage point higher than the Pentagon requested in its budgetpresentation. The Republican chairman of the Armed Services Committee, Sen. JohnMcCain of Arizona, said it's the largest military pay increase since 2010.The White House Office of Management and Budget objected to the larger raise,telling lawmakers earlier this year that the lower amount would save $336million this fiscal year and $2.2 billion through 2021. A bigger increase, thebudget office said, would upset the careful balance between competitive pay andacquiring cutting-edge equipment and training.The bill blocks the Pentagon's planned reductions in the number of active-dutytroops by prohibiting the Army from falling below 476,000 active-duty soldiers-- 16,000 more than Obama's defense budget had proposed. The bill also adds7,000 service members to the Air Force and Marine Corps.House and Senate negotiators dropped a House plan to shift $18 billion from theemergency wartime spending account to pay for additional weapons and combat gearthe Pentagon didn't include in its budget request. They elected instead to boostthe wartime account, which isn't constrained by mandatory budget limits, by $3.2billion to help halt a decline in the military's ability to respond to globalthreats.The decision may have been motivated by Trump's assurances that he wouldincrease defense spending dramatically, allowing the armed forces to add tens ofthousands more troops and acquire new weapons.The defense bill contains $5.8 billion in additional war-related funding Obamarequested last month primarily for operations in Iraq, Syria and Afghanistan.That includes $2.5 billion to maintain elevated U.S. troop levels of 8,400 inAfghanistan as announced over the summer. About $383 million would pay for airstrikes against Islamic State militants.Lawmakers avoided wading more deeply into social policy issues by stripping twocontentious provisions from the bill. One, opposed by Democrats, would haveallowed federal contractors to discriminate against workers on the basis ofsexual or gender orientation. Another, opposed by Republicans, would haverequired for the first time in U.S. history that young women sign up for apotential military draft.The Obama administration on Thursday declared its support for requiring women toregister for the military draft, a symbolic but significant shift that reflectsthe U.S. military's evolution from a male-dominated force to one seeking toincorporate women at all levels.--------Follow Richard Lardner on Twitter: http://twitter.com/rplardner