WASHINGTON -- The Republican Party is fractured by ideological divisions, led byan inexperienced and unpredictable president-elect, and quite possibly headedfor a fratricidal civil war. The Democratic Party should be so lucky.There is much unpleasant reality for Democrats to deal with right now, startingwith this: The GOP controls virtually everything. The two-party system is, atbest, one and a half.Republicans won the presidency. They retained control of both houses ofCongress. Soon, when Donald Trump appoints a replacement for the late JusticeAntonin Scalia, they will re-establish a conservative majority on the SupremeCourt. As far as the federal government is concerned, that's the whole trifecta.But there's much more: After making significant gains last week, Republicanscontrol both legislative chambers in 32 states -- and hold the governorships in33. Some of the nation's most diverse and populous states, including Texas andFlorida, are living under one-party Republican rule.Democrats should reject the urge to take comfort in favorable demographictrends. It is true that within a generation, minorities will be in the majority-- and that minorities tend to vote for Democrats. But what would the country belike after 20 or 30 years of near-total Republican control? I'm sure mostprogressives would join me in not wanting to run that dangerous experiment.Did Democrats lose the White House because their presidential candidate hadbaggage and was not perfect in every way? Come on, the Republicans nominatedTrump, for heaven's sake, a man who bragged about grabbing women by thegenitals. I don't have nearly enough space to list all the ways in which hedisqualified himself. Yet he won.The Republican Party is so splintered -- the establishment, the tea-party wing,the fiscal tightwads, the defense hawks, the social conservatives, thelibertarians and now the Trumpistas -- that sometimes I think of it asAfghanistan: with each faction having its own warlords and grievances and goals.Many of the demands they make upon Trump, House Speaker Paul Ryan and SenateMajority Leader Mitch McConnell will be uncompromisingly extreme and mutuallyexclusive. There will be blood (metaphorically, of course).Yet if Democrats expect to sit back and watch the GOP self-destruct, I fear theywill be disappointed. Consider this fact: The Republican Party not only survivedthe Trump candidacy, but prospered. Why would the same not be true of a Trumppresidency?One of the biggest lessons I draw from the election is that the GOP basicallycame together behind its candidate. Despite all the Never Trump noise, mostprominent Republican officials eventually fell in line. Some voiced strongreservations but said they would vote for him anyway, which amounted to anendorsement. Others, such as the Bush family, declined to publicly proclaimtheir opposition in a way that perhaps might have made a difference. Maybe theythought he was bound to lose anyway; if so, they miscalculated.Another lesson, perhaps the most important one, is that the Democratic Partycannot hope to succeed by relying solely on its ability to win the popular votein presidential elections.Democrats have won the popular vote in 1992, 1996, 2000, 2008, 2012 and now2016. That's six out of the last seven presidential contests. Yet the RepublicanParty is running the country, or at least most of it.The Democratic Party cannot just wait for the next Barack Obama to come along.The president is a unique political talent of the kind that appears only once ina great while, when the stars magically align. Instead, Democrats need to dowhat Republicans did, which is to build from the ground up and start winningstate and local elections.A Democratic rebound has to begin with the basics: getting people who agree withyou to vote. Less than 60 percent of those eligible to cast ballots in the Nov.8 election bothered to do so. Conservatives who say this is "a center-rightnation" may be right in terms of who votes, but they're wrong in terms of whocould vote. Polls show that the country favors Democratic over Republicanpositions on most issues.The Democratic Party should put its energy and money into connecting withpotential voters at the grass-roots level. Trump made a bunch of pie-in-the-skypromises he can never keep. Democrats need a hopeful but realistic messagerecognizing that while most big cities prosper in today's globalized economy,much of the rest of the country suffers.Democrats will win when theirs is the "big tent" party. Right now, though, theGOP circus is in town.Eugene Robinson's email address is eugenerobinson@washpost.com