By Jerry Markon, Paul KaneThe Washington PostPresident-elect Donald Trump will meet Monday with retired Army Gen. DavidPetraeus, a possible alternative choice for secretary of state amid anescalating feud over the position between supporters of former New York mayorRudolph W. Giuliani and 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney, who will sitdown with Trump on Tuesday.As Trump's senior advisers battled over who should fill what is considered themost prestigious Cabinet post, the president-elect will hold a second sessionwith Romney along with another possible option, Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., aidessaid Monday. Corker, who will visit Manhattan's Trump Tower on Tuesday, chairsthe Senate Foreign Relations Committee and had suggested publicly that he wasunlikely to be chosen.But Trump is reportedly considering alternatives for the State Department as anextraordinary feud has broken out between those supporting Romney, a formerMassachusetts governor considered the quintessential establishment Republican,and Giuliani, a fierce Trump backer seen by some as deserving the secretary ofstate post out of sheer loyalty. Romney attacked Trump in unusually harsh andpersonal terms during the presidential campaign.The fight hit a fevered pitch over Thanksgiving weekend as Kellyanne Conway,Trump's former campaign manager and now senior adviser to the transition team,took to the airwaves to attack Romney's credentials to be the nation's topdiplomat. Conway is part of a cadre of Trump confidants who are waging anunusual public battle against Romney to influence the president-elect'sdecision.Another Trump backer, Rep. Chris Collins, R-N.Y., blasted Romney on CNN's "NewDay" Monday as "a self-serving egomaniac who puts himself first, who has a chipon his shoulder, and thinks that he should be president of the United States."And Brent Bozell, an influential conservative activist, said in a statement that"the very idea of Mitt Romney as Secretary of State - or any other cabinetposition in a Trump administration - is a slap to his supporters.''Others inside Trump's orbit, particularly Vice President-elect Mike Pence, areviewed as Romney supporters, believing that he has a steady hand that wouldbenefit Trump in the turbulent world of diplomacy, according to people familiarwith the dispute who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss internaldeliberations.Trump was angered at Conway's remarks, according to a report Monday on MSNBC's"Morning Joe.'' Trump aides declined to comment during a conference call withreporters, saying only that the president-elect is taking his time to choose thebest possible candidate. Jason Miller, a senior Trump communications adviser,said Trump is meeting with Romney again because "the two, quite frankly, haven'tspent much time together, so this gives them a little more time to do so.''The secretary of state search heated up as Trump resumed a busy schedule oftransition meetings Monday at Manhattan's Trump Tower after spendingThanksgiving weekend at his Florida estate. Among those dropping by today willbe a candidate for Homeland Security secretary: Frances Townsend, a top homelandsecurity and counterterrorism official in the George W. Bush administration.Another DHS contender - Rep. Michael McCaul, R-Texaa, chairman of the HouseHomeland Security Committee - will meet with Trump on Tuesday.Pence, who will participate in the meetings, entered the Trump Tower lobbyMonday morning and paused in front of the elevators amid shouted questions fromreporters, saying only: "It's going to be a busy week. Get ready. Buckle up."Trump aides continued Monday to blast a pending recount effort in Wisconsin ledby Green Party candidate Jill Stein that has been joined by Democrat HillaryClinton's campaign. Trump had spent Sunday ridiculing Clinton's campaign overthe issue, before ending his day on Twitter by parroting a widely debunkedconspiracy theory that her campaign benefited from massive voter fraud."In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popularvote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally," Trump tweetedlate Sunday, one of more than 10 tweets on the recount issue.That accusation - spread by conspiracy sites such as Infowars.com anddiscredited by fact-checking organizations - gained traction among someconservatives disappointed that Trump lost the popular vote to Clinton, thoughhe won the all-important electoral college.Stein has also filed a recount request in Pennsylvania and plans to do the samein Michigan, her campaign said in a statement Monday. Trump's surprise victoriesin the three Great Lakes states was instrumental in his electoral college win.Miller, in the briefing, added: "I really do think it's ridiculous that so muchoxygen has been given to recount efforts when there is absolutely no chance ofthe election results changing. This election has been decided. It's a concededelection.''White House spokesman Josh Earnest, who sometimes had harsh words for Trumpduring the campaign, went out of his way to avoid criticizing thepresident-elect during his daily briefing Monday. "I think I would defer to thepresident-elect's team for commentary on his tweets," Earnest said.On the broader election fraud topic, however, Earnest said: "There has been noevidence produced to substantiate a claim like that.''Earnest did take issue, however, with Trump's tweet Monday morning threateningCuba's regime in the wake of former president Fidel Castro's death. Trump vowedto "terminate" President Obama's efforts to restore full diplomatic relationsbetween the two nations unless Cuba's communist leaders pursue unspecifiedchanges in their approach."If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, theCuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole, I will terminate deal," Trumptweeted.Abandoning the diplomatic reset with Cuba would appease Republican critics ofObama's efforts, which ran counter to U.S. policy that had aimed to drive Castrofrom power starting in the 1960s. But Earnest touted what he called the benefitsof the policy shift, for both Americans eager to travel to the island nation andfor average Cubans.Summarily reversing Obama's policy, Earnest said, "is not just as simple as onetweet might make it seem.''Petraeus arrived at Trump Tower soon after 2 p.m. Eastern time Monday but didnot respond to shouted questions from reporters. Petraeus, who has been taking a"wait and see" approach on joining the new administration, according to a U.S.military official who speaks with him often, has emerged as a possiblealternative for secretary of state amid the battle over Romney.The general is one of the most influential military officers of his generationbut ended his government career as director of the CIA in November 2012 amidrevelations that he had an affair with his biographer.Petraeus pleaded guilty in April 2015 to a misdemeanor charge of mishandlingclassified information in connection with the scandal - namely sharinginformation with biographer Paula Broadwell - and was sentenced to probation anda $100,000 fine. He could face a tough Senate confirmation process because ofthat history, though he has since testified before the Senate Armed ServicesCommittee as a foreign policy expert.Conway over the weekend had led the remarkable rear-guard attack on Romney,arguing that he was disloyal to Trump and should not be considered to run theState Department. The remarks highlighted a fierce behind-the-scenes battlewithin the Trump camp over whether Romney should be offered the job as a healinggesture with the establishment or whether a loyalist such as Giuliani should getthe nod.Romney's supporters have largely counseled Trump privately, while his opponents- Conway, former House speaker Newt Gingrich and a handful of other Trumployalists - have gone public in recent days to stoke a revolt.Those opposed to Romney have been advocating that Trump reward Giuliani with thesecretary of state position, stressing his loyalty vs. Romney's refusal topublicly say whom he voted for in the presidential race."I don't think a cost of admission for party unity has to be the secretary ofstate position," Conway said on ABC's "This Week," suggesting that Romney wenttoo far in questioning Trump's character and intellect during the presidentialrace. "There was the 'Never Trump' movement and then there was Governor MittRomney. He went out of his way to hurt Donald Trump."The Conway offensive, which began Thursday on Twitter and continued in her threetelevision appearances Sunday, led the echo chamber of opposition to the former2012 Republican presidential nominee. Gingrich said most Trump supporters couldnot countenance Romney's selection for any high-profile posting in Trump's newadministration."I think we would be enormously disappointed if he brought Mitt Romney into anyposition of authority," Gingrich said on Fox News.But Pence is considered a Romney supporter. And the incoming White House chiefof staff, Reince Priebus, also has a long-standing relationship with Romneysince Priebus served as Republican National Committee chairman during Romney'sunsuccessful 2012 presidential bid.Infighting over such a prominent position is not unusual. Four years ago,President Obama faced internal division over his choice to succeed Clinton assecretary of state, with one possibility being Susan E. Rice, who had been alongtime Obama confidant. Senate Democrats preferred their colleague John F.Kerry, and eventually Obama made Rice his national security adviser and gaveKerry the State Department.But that internal Democratic feud played out in the traditional Washingtonmanner - behind closed doors and in anonymous background quotes to news outlets.Today's Republican battle has been carried out in an unusually public fashionthat left some old Washington hands stunned and wondering whether this would bethe new normal over the next four years.The Washington Post's Greg Jaffe, Dan Lamothe, Philip Rucker and Elise Viebeckcontributed to this report.