NEW YORK (AP) -- President-elect Donald Trump made two Cabinet selections onTuesday, choosing fierce Obamacare critic Georgia Rep. Tom Price to lead theDepartment of Health and Human Services, and Elaine Chao, who served in theCabinet of George W. Bush, to serve as the secretary of the Department ofTransportation.Trump announced his choice of Price, while the selection of Chao, the wife ofSenate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, was confirmed by a person with knowledgeof the decision but not authorized to speak publicly.Price is "exceptionally qualified" to lead an effort to repeal and replacePresident Barack Obama's health care law, Trump said in a statement. Thepresident-elect's transition team did not immediately respond to questions aboutthe congressman's past commitment to transform Medicare into a voucher-likesystem, a position at odds with Trump's repeated campaign promises not to cutthe popular health care program that serves an estimated 57 million people."Chairman Price, a renowned physician, has earned a reputation for being atireless problem solver and the go-to expert on health care policy, making himthe ideal choice to serve in this capacity," Trump said.Chao led the Department of Labor for several years under Bush.The president-elect appeared to still be torn over his choice for secretary ofstate. He summoned former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney to New York for dinnerTuesday night to discuss the post for a second time. He was also meeting withTennessee Sen. Bob Corker, the chairman of the Senate Foreign RelationsCommittee, who is getting new attention from Trump's team. On Monday, Trumpspent an hour with retired Gen. David Petraeus, another contender.Trump's decision to consider Romney for the powerful Cabinet post has sparked apublic backlash from some of his closest aides and allies. Campaign managerKellyanne Conway has warned that it would be a "betrayal" to Trump supporters ifhe selected Romney, who was a severe critic of the president-elect during thecampaign.Even as he weighed crucial Cabinet decisions, Trump appeared distracted byoutside issues -- or eager to create distractions himself. He took to Twitterearly Tuesday to declare that "nobody should be allowed to burn the Americanflag." He warned that those who do should face "perhaps loss of citizenship oryear in jail!"Trump offered no context for his message. The Supreme Court has ruled that flagburning is protected by the First Amendment.The president-elect spent the weekend tweeting his opposition to recount effortsin up to three states led by Green Party candidate Jill Stein and joined byHillary Clinton's team. He also falsely claimed that millions of people hadvoted illegally in the presidential election and provided no evidence to back upthe charge.Trump won praise from Republicans Tuesday for his pick of Price to serve ashealth and human services secretary. A six-term congressman and orthopedicsurgeon, Price has been a leading critic of Obama's health care law. Ifconfirmed by the Senate, he would be a leading figure in Republican efforts torepeal the measure.Incoming Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said Price "has proven to be farout of the mainstream of what Americans want" for programs that help seniors,women, families and those with disabilities. His nomination, Schumer said, is"akin to asking the fox to guard the henhouse."Trump's team also announced Tuesday that Seema Verma has been chosen to beadministrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.Jason Miller, a transition team spokesman, said at least one other Cabinet postwould be announced in the afternoon. He did not elaborate.Transition aides said Trump was likely at least a few days away from a decisionon secretary of state. Romney has support from Vice President-elect Mike Pence,who is heading the transition effort.Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, a loyal Trump ally, was initially seenas the leading contender to helm the State Department. But questions about hisoverseas business dealings, as well as his public campaigning for the job, havegiven Trump pause.Trump is now said to be considering Giuliani to head the Homeland SecurityDepartment, according to those close to the transition process.------Peoples reported from Washington. AP writers Julie Pace and RicardoAlonso-Zaldivar in Washington and Jonathan Lemire contributed to this report.------Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC andhttp://twitter.com/catherine--lucey