While taxes did not seem to be one of the top issues in the November elections,both presidential candidates included a variety of tax proposals in theirplatforms. Also, there were a few tax-related initiatives on state ballots.With Republicans in control of both the White House and Congress, there may besome greater success in getting tax legislation enacted. Still, Republicans donot have a filibuster-proof majority in the Senate, and Republican congressionalleaders and the new president do not appear to be united on all aspects ofPresident-elect Trump's tax proposals.INDIVIDUAL TAX CUTSPresident-elect Trump has focused his tax proposals on lowering both individualand business tax rates in order to try to stimulate economic growth. Hisproposals include reducing the individual marginal rate tax brackets to threerates: 12, 25 and 33 percent. This is an increase from the current bottom rateof 10 percent, but a decrease from the current top rate of 39.6 percent. Theserates are in line with Republican congressional proposals and therefore arelikely to survive as part of any tax reform effort in Congress.Trump has also proposed to more than double the standard deduction to $15,000for single individuals and $30,000 for joint filers. This would be tied to anelimination of the deduction for personal exemptions and the head of householdfiling status. For some taxpayers, such as single parents, the elimination ofthe personal exemptions and the head of household filing status could cost morethan the increase of the standard deduction would offset. CongressionalRepublicans may be inclined to rework this formula somewhat.BUSINESS TAX CUTSOn the business side, President-elect Trump has proposed a reduction in the topcorporate tax rate to 15 percent and to also extend this 15 percent top rate toall business income, such as that from pass-through entities and soleproprietorships. This would therefore reduce the top rate for corporations fromthe current 35 percent to 15 percent and reduce the top rate applied to businessincome from pass-through entities and sole proprietorships from a top ordinaryincome tax rate of 39.6 percent to 15 percent. Trump has suggested that, inexchange for the lower tax rate on non-corporate business income, some sort oftax, like the tax on dividends, would be applied to distributions of businessincome.While Congressional Republicans have supported a reduction in the corporate taxrate, their proposals have tended to be more in the 22 to 25 percent range totry to maintain revenue neutrality. Trump's proposals are projected to addsignificantly to the deficit, although his advisors counter that economic growthresulting from the tax cuts would offset additions to the deficit. There willprobably be some compromises in the final corporate rate proposed.The concept of extending the 15 percent rate to other business income has notbeen included in Congressional Republican proposals. It could create incentivesto try to convert ordinary income to business income, such as by reclassifyingemployees as independent contractors. The Trump campaign has stated that theywould hope to include provisions to prevent this but have not provided anyspecifics. It is not clear that Congressional Republicans are ready to endorsethis proposal, with concerns about the deficit also being a factor here.THE ACAPresident-elect Trump has stated that one of his first priorities would be torepeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. This would apparently mean therepeal of all of the taxes associated with the act. These would include the 3.8percent tax on net investment income, the additional 0.9 percent Medicare tax onwages and self-employment income, the penalties on individuals for failure toobtain health insurance and on employers for failure to offer affordable healthinsurance, the "Cadillac" tax on overly generous health plans, and the medicaldevice excise tax. It would also, however, eliminate the premium assistancecredit and the small business health insurance credit.Congressional Republicans have long advocated repeal of the ACA, but have notbeen very specific about what would replace it. President-elect Trump hasoutlined some basic elements of a replacement plan, but it probably needs to befleshed out much more before enactment. It is possible, however, that theCongress might try again to repeal the act without a detailed replacement inplace, and Trump might support that effort.THE ESTATE AND GIFT TAXPresident-elect Trump has also proposed the repeal of the federal estate andgift tax. This is also a position long advocated by Congressional Republicansand could be enacted in the new Congress. Trump proposed that, as part ofrepeal, stepped-up-basis on death would be disallowed for taxable gains inexcess of $10 million.PROPOSALS ON CHILD CAREPresident-elect Trump has outlined a set of proposals to provide tax assistancefor child care. He would create a new above-the-line deduction for child anddependent care expenses. He also proposes to increase the Earned Income TaxCredit for working parents through a spending rebate. He has proposed thecreation of Dependent CARE Savings Accounts with individual contributionsmatched 50 percent by government contributions.On the business side, he has also proposed to increase the annual cap for thebusiness tax credit for on-site childcare, with a reduced recapture period.While in many ways these look more like Democratic than Republican proposals,these tax breaks are likely to garner bipartisan support in Congress.OTHER INDIVIDUAL PROPOSALSIn order to somewhat offset the cost of his proposed tax reductions, Trump hasproposed to impose a cap on the amount of itemized deductions that could beclaimed on a tax return at $100,000 for single filers and $200,000 for jointfilers. The idea of limiting itemized deductions has been an element of taxreform proposals, although fundamental tax reform proposals have suggestedcompletely eliminating or at least limiting a number of the individual itemizeddeductions.Trump has also proposed eliminating the Alternative Minimum Tax. This idea hasgenerally had congressional support, with the main issue here usually being whatto come up with to offset the lost revenue.OTHER BUSINESS PROPOSALSTrump has proposed taxing carried interests of private equity fund managers atcapital gain rates, rather than ordinary income rates. This was also one ofHillary Clinton's proposals. This Trump proposal appears to be somewhat inconflict with his proposal to tax business income at a 15 percent tax rate,which would be even lower than the top capital gains tax rate. The Trumpcampaign has said that they would expect to address this issue as well, but havenot provided any specific details.President-elect Trump has proposed to eliminate certain unspecified "corporatetax expenditures," although indicating that the Research & Development Creditwould be spared. Congressional tax reform proposals have generally included theelimination of many corporate tax breaks as part of the cost of loweringcorporate tax rates. However, corporate lobbyists continue to pressure forpreservation of their favorite tax breaks.He has proposed a doubling of the Code Sec. 179 small-business expensingelection to $1 million. Trump has also proposed the immediate deduction of allnew investments in a business, which has also been endorsed by congressional taxreform/simplification advocates. This proposal would, however, seem to eliminatethe need for the Code Sec. 179 proposal. President-elect Trump has proposed toeliminate the deduction of interest. This idea has not been part of most taxreform proposals, but it could be considered as the Congress and the InternalRevenue Service try to deal with the reclassification of debt as equity inabusive situations.On the international front, Trump has proposed a "one-time" deemed repatriationtax of 10 percent on corporate profits of U.S. multinational corporations beingheld offshore. Various versions of a repatriation tax have been proposed by bothCongressional Republicans and Democrats, sometimes as part of international taxreform, other times to pay for infrastructure improvements. Some version of arepatriation tax is likely to be included in any tax legislation in the newCongress.STATE TAX INITIATIVESA few states had tax-related ballot initiatives. California had propositions onthe ballot to impose fees for plastic bags. Oregon had a proposal to increasethe tax on corporate sales by out-of-state businesses. Many states this yearhave proposals related to marijuana. California, Massachusetts and Nevada hadapproved proposals to legalize marijuana for recreational use. While notdirectly a tax issue, these proposals have tended to be a revenue source for thestates that enact them. With the federal government continuing to view marijuanaas a controlled substance, these state approvals also raise federal tax issuesfor marijuana businesses operating in these states.OTHER TAX ISSUESCongress has a number of tax legislative proposals already before it. Theseinclude a package of tax breaks that expire at the end of 2016. Also included isa package of retirement savings enhancements, a bill to prevent stock optionsfrom being taxed until the stock is sold, a limit on IRS asset seizureauthority, an exclusion from tax for qualified student loan discharges forstudents who have died or suffered a permanent disability, and tax breaks for2016 flooding and hurricane victims. It is not clear if any of these will betaken up in the lame duck session or left until early 2017.A bill permitting employers to continue to offer health reimbursementarrangements to their employees without penalties imposed by the Affordable CareAct may not be needed if that act is repealed.SUMMARYAlthough the Republican position in both houses of Congress will be somewhatweaker in the new Congress than the current Congress, they retain the majorityin both houses and are therefore likely to wait until the new Republicanadministration is inaugurated in January 2017 to push for tax legislation,rather than make any significant effort in the lame duck session.It would be expected, however, that a Republican Congress and Republicanadministration will make a significant effort at tax reform in 2017 that islikely to include many of President-elect Trump's proposals, even if in somewhatmodified form to try to come closer to a revenue-neutral bill.The Democrats in the Senate continue to have sufficient numbers to threaten afilibuster; however, revenue items can often be put on a track that requiresonly a simple majority for approval.George G. Jones, JD, LL.M, is managing editor, and Mark A. Luscombe, JD, LL.M,CPA, is principal analyst, at Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting.URL: http://www.accountingtoday.com