FAT SHAMING: Donald J. Trump was making fun of women for being overweight. Nowhe wears a batman-type trench coat to hide his own weight problem.BUS CRASH: Way too many bus crashes. Please update us about the Texas Stateteam's accident. Who is responsible, etc? Those of us who drove by the localschool bus accident this month never even learned if there were kids on boardwhen it happened. Please give us the news. (Editor's note: We wrote on the TexasState crash that day. One player, two cheerleaders, a student coach andvideographer were injured and taken to the hospital as a precaution, as was thedriver.)WHITE SUPREMICISTS: So Trump wants to know why the white supremacists areenergized? He disavows them, but he needs to find out why they are energized?Let me say, they are energized by 18 months of hate mongering.DIRTY TRICKS: There is no comparison with any other campaign in our history withthe hateful, misogynist and racist campaign of Donald Trump. The caller claimingDemocrats used those dirty political tactics in the Obama campaign with MittRomney must have been on another planet. It never happened.TRANSIT: I'll bet you that the Las Cruces and Doña Ana County bus systemspromote more global warming per person than any bus system in the United States.AGGIE ATHLETICS: Whoever does the scheduling for football and basketball oughtto be replaced. The football and basketball teams don't play anybody. You can'tget better playing mediocre teams. Come on Aggies, you can do better than that!CRIME: Yessiree Bob, another win for the Democrat DA, not giving a childmolester any prison time. This guy doesn't even have to register with the statethat he is a child molester. Way to go, Mr. DA.FATALITY: I am very sad about the death of the little girl in the Anthony Gapcrash, but the adult driving the vehicle should be charged with child abuseresulting in death because the child was not restrained.GOVERNMENT: What Americans fail to see is that gridlock is not such a bad thingin Washington. Gridlock has prevented the Republicans when they have power fromscrewing up the economy so bad like they did in 2008, like the Depression in'29.BORDER SECURITY: Mr. Obama is continuing to show his true colors as hediscontinues aerial surveillance on the Mexican border, allowing drug runnersand illegals to come across. This country is suffering and we don't need an openborder bringing in more criminals.CATHOLIC CHURCH: Pope gives priests power to forgive abortions. Since when didthe pope become God?ELECTION: Will we be the nation that was telling the world how to vote and thenlater for them to find out that our voting was rigged?LETTERS: I thought it was great editorial discretion printing the twocontrasting letters to the editor on Nov. 23. The two could not have been morestarkly different and clearly show the sad division in our country.SUN-NEWS: It appears we were "soaked" for all those advertisement pages in theSun-News. The news section was the same old Sun-News.Be heard. Call 575-541-5466 or email soundoff@lcsun-news.com