Two days after Hillary Clinton won the popular vote but lost the election toDonald Trump, an online petition took off; it now has more than 4 millionsignatures. Recognizing that Clinton won the popular vote by more than 1 millionballots, it calls on the Electoral College to cast "faithless" votes to electher president. I signed the petition out of anger, fear and despair of electingthe most unqualified and dangerous person to lead our nation in modern history,perhaps ever.I soon realized that altering the outcome of the Electoral College's vote is afool's errand. As Vox commentator Andrew Prokop wrote, "electors overturningTrump particularly would certainly cause a constitutional crisis, because thereis no world in which the Republican Party ... would accept Clinton taking thepresidency in this way."But I'm unwilling to stand idly by to see the second president this century takeoffice without winning the popular vote. Connecticut should join the NationalPopular Vote Interstate Compact. Under the compact, all of a state's electoralvotes would go to the presidential candidate who receives the most votes in all50 states and the District of Columbia. The compact would take effect whenenacted by states possessing a majority of electoral votes, the 270 required toelect a president.The compact is a straightforward means of enabling the electorate to express itswill without a constitutional amendment abolishing the Electoral College. In twoof the last five elections and nearly one of every 11 elections since 1789, theElectoral College has awarded the presidency to the loser of the popular vote.The Electoral College is an anachronism that has no place in our democracy. Itwas conceived by the founders to appease southern slave-owning states and for ananti-democratic fear of the uneducated hoi polloi. In "The Federalist Papers,"Alexander Hamilton was plainspoken about the need to ensure "that the office ofpresident will never fall to the lot of any man who is not in an eminent degreeendowed with the requisite qualifications."The means by which we elect our president should not have its origins in racist,anti-populist motives. The apportionment of state electors in numberscorresponding to each state's representation in Congress is an affront to theprinciple of one person, one vote. The votes of citizens in less populous stateshave far more weight than do votes from more populated states. Wyoming has apopulation of roughly one-half million and three electoral votes. IfConnecticut's citizens had the same voting power, it would have 18 electoralvotes rather than seven.The 18th-century voting mechanism distorts the political process by encouragingcandidates to focus on just a handful of swing states that decide who willbecome president. The consequence on voting participation is substantial: lastweek in 14 states where the margin was close, 65 percent of eligible voters castballots, a 16 percent higher turnout than in the rest of the nation.There is nothing nefarious about the compact. The U.S. Constitution states,"Each State shall appoint, in such Manner as the Legislature thereof may direct,a Number of Electors." In her 2013 testimony to the Government Administrationand Elections Committee, Secretary of the State Denise Merrill said, "this planis consistent with the Constitution." The compact has widespread public support.A 2009 poll in Connecticut showed 74 percent in favor of direct elections,including two-thirds of Republicans.Eleven jurisdictions, including Massachusetts, New York and Rhode Island, havepassed bills favoring the compact. They represent 165 electoral votes, more thanhalf the number needed for activation. The bill enjoys bipartisan support.In 2014 Republican Newt  Gingrich wrote, "America would be better served with apresidential election process that treated citizens across the country equally.The National Popular Vote bill accomplishes this ... ."Some state legislators argue the approach would disenfranchise voters becauseConnecticut electors would vote for the winner of the national popular vote, notthe state's winner. The argument lacks merit. The bill gives every individual'svote equal weight, regardless of where they live.Let's elect the president as we do every other elected official in the country,by the winner of the popular vote.Jonathan Perloe is vice chairman of communications for the Greenwich DemocraticTown Committee. This was also signed by 54 members of Pantsuit Nation CT from 36Connecticut towns.