HIGHLIGHT: Office of the Federal Register's Miriam Vincent has faced a deluge ofemails about the electoral college's workings.Evelyn Hockstein/For TheWashington PostWASHINGTON - The second Tuesday of  this month was quiet.The next day  was quiet, too.The pitchforks started arriving  Thursday, about 36 hours after the presidentialelection was called. They were virtual pitchforks, but still. Email after email.Tweets. Phone calls. Facebook posts. Some profane. Some pleading.One subject line: "electoral votes are wrong"Another: "Vote in Hillary Clinton Dec. 19"Another: "Letter to America"Another: "HELP"So it goes at the Office of the Federal Register, which administers theelectoral college and now finds itself at the center of a populist brouhaha.The Electoral College is not an actual place - no grassy quad, nor group ofpeople sharing a space.It exists for one day every four years and then vanishes, like Brigadoon, untilthe next presidential election.The closest thing to a physical headquarters is this office, one half of theseventh floor of a neoclassical brick building over an Au Bon Pain, six blocksnorth of the Capitol.Over the last week, the Office of the Federal Register has been inundated byAmericans wanting to learn about - or somehow control - the college,  made up ofthe 538 party officials who will  go about the formal business of electingDonald Trump president on Dec. 19, based on the popular votes of each state.Many people have something to say about that, partly because Hillary Clinton wonthe most votes nationwide, partly because Donald Trump is Donald Trump."It's just that they keep coming," says Miriam Vincent, staring at her inboxWednesday morning. "And every time we get close to having a handle on it, we getmore. It goes on. And on."Her email pings."And on."Vincent has 558 unread emails, a grande chai in her hand, and a big bottle ofExcedrin Migraine on her cluttered desk. She is a staff attorney in the LegalAffairs and Policy Division in the Office of the Federal Register under theNational Archives and Records Administration.She is dealing with the nation's collective freakout about the electoralcollege.Millions of Trump haters who can't handle Clinton's loss are signing petitionsto persuade electors to vote as the majority of Americans did, which would becompletely permissible and also pretty unprecedented.Actual electors are being lobbied and harassed, according to the IdahoStatesman, and this frantic energy has also funneled toward the Office of theFederal Register, whose website is the second Google hit when you search"electoral college."Death threats. Promises of civil war. Inappropriate photographs. Students withhomework questions. A daughter of Holocaust survivors who called to sob into theear of a government bureaucrat. A woman in Florida who wanted Vincent to dosomething about Russian hacking.Only four employees work in Vincent's division. In the last week, each has takenon the role of civics teacher, and the role of therapist."You really need a thick skin," says Amy Bunk, the division director. "Peopleare venting their frustration."An email from Troy, Mich., sent 93 minutes before Trump was declared the winnerlast week: "OK I little confused ... tell why do we have a general election ifour vote does not count for the Presidential election?"The normal work in this office is the publishing of the daily Federal Register,which includes government agencies' notices and proposed rules, pluspresidential documents such as speeches and proclamations. It's America's papertrail, wide open for anyone to see, textual government transparency in action.They've processed over 28,000 documents so far this year. They publish everybusiness day, even if D.C. is closed for snow, even if the government is shutdown."And every four years we have this dropped on us," Vincent says.It goes back to a 1950 government reorganization that moved administrativeresponsibility for the electoral college from the State Department to theNational Archives."And we have it because the archivist said, 'You're doing it.' Maybe the(Register) director was standing in the wrong place at the wrong time."After a presidential election, on the first Monday after the second Wednesday inDecember, the electors gather at their respective state capitals to cast theirvotes. Who are they? Just regular people, entrenched in party politics, who havebeen selected by their parties for this very specific task.Among other standing requirements, they cannot have fought for the South in theCivil War.They sign their state's electoral certificates, which are then sent to Congressand to Vincent's division. There are usually a handful of states that screwsomething up. Either the governor didn't sign the certificate, or they didn'tput the state seal on it, or they got the election date wrong - in which caseVincent's division says "try again."Then she and her colleagues compare its 51 certificates to the ones received byCongress, to make sure everything checks out.And then we have a president.The past three elections were easy for Vincent's office. The election of 2000was a challenge. Citizens kept showing up to scrutinize the signatures onFlorida's certificate, which had been laid out for public inspection.This year is unreal.A tweet to @ElectoralCollege from a woman named Jeanne: "Please do not discardmy Ohio vote. Trump IS my president."But Vincent and Bunk are not in charge of choosing the president. Their rolehere in this moment is simply to respond to these emails with information,excise offensive posts from the Facebook page, and screenshot the threats tosend to the inspector general."We're really sick of the phrase 'We the People,' " Vincent says."On both sides," Bunk adds."Someone sent us the text of the Declaration of Independence," says Vincent."What happened to civics in school?" Bunk says. "I'm serious about that.""A lot of people have been asking or advocating or yelling that we need to goback to the popular vote, but there is no 'back,' " Vincent says. "Because thisis how it's been since 1789."For now, then, there are emails to deal with, callers to educate, and a processto follow that helps to formally elect a president. And a couple weeks after theinauguration, Vincent will enjoy her first vacation since August, on the beachesof Miami, far from the paper and the pinging.