HIGHLIGHT: THIS VIDEO, shared on Facebook, shows a person at a bonfire in EastWindsor in a KKK robe and with a Donald Trump flag.Photo from FacebookThe viral video of a young man dressed in a KKK robe at a post-election bonfireparty in East Windsor has reverberated far beyond the suburban town, raisingquestions about whether the country has entered a new era of extremism anddivisive social behavior.In the six days after the election, the Southern Poverty Law Center collected437 reports of hateful intimidation and harassment rumbling across the country."We've seen an alarming number of hate-based incidents occur throughout thenation, some of which are no doubt stemming from Trump's hate-filled campaign,"said Heidi Beirich, director of the law center's intelligence project.The East Windsor party where the KKK robe appeared and a high school footballgame in Wilton where students chanted "Build the Wall!" have received wideattention on social media. In the Wilton incident, a group of high schoolstudents chanted "Build the Wall!" during a football game against Danbury, a farmore racially diverse community. On Friday, Wilton High issued an apology toDanbury High School.In Pennyslvania, students were filmed carrying a Trump sign through the hallwaysof the state's County Technical School, shouting "White Power!" Bathrooms in aMinnesota high school were vandalized with racist graffiti, including "Go Backto Africa, Make America Great Again," and "porch monkeys" and "whites only." InWest Virginia, a mayor resigned after commenting favorably about a racistFacebook post about Michelle Obama."It not simply an instance of kids being kids," said Christopher Petrella, aBates College lecturer, who has studied the KKK in New England. "It's whiteyouth being socialized as white in this country, doing things that white kidsdo. ... This whole sort of theater around the bonfire would not be legible toyouth of color. That just wouldn't happen,."Oren Segal, director of the Center on Extremism with the Anti-Defamation League,said that in the current environment, a racial incident like the one in EastWindsor no longer impacts just the local community."People are viewing incidents as a reflection of where the country is headed oras some kind of response to where we just were," Segal said. "That's differentthan a swastika on the wall during a time of more calm. In those times,incidents do not carry the additional baggage of a divisive presidentialcampaign and fears of a divided country."When the East Windsor video went viral, the town's first selectman initiallydownplayed the KKK incident and called it just "some young people who made a bigmistake trying to get attention." He has since apologized for that."This didn't just pop up," said Scot X. Esdaile, president of the Connecticutchapter of the NAACP."Part of it now is Trump," Esdaile said. "He jumped on the wave. Racists feelvery comfortable that they can go out and do exactly what they want to do now.And we demand that the federal government and all law enforcement handle thisjust like any other terrorist."Kids Mimic IncivilitySegal said it's clear that young people were monitoring and watching thiscampaign as closely as anyone else."They were hearing their parents talk about it," Segal said. "When you have somuch divisiveness and incivility, it's not that surprising to see it play out onthe ground among those that are most impressionable."It's not a news flash that kids can be nasty to one another, Segal said, butwhen kids are "pretending to build a wall so that Hispanic kids can't get totheir locker, when there is graffiti in the bathroom that uses the 'N' word,when you see graffiti outside that says 'Make America White Again,' these areall incidents being informed by some degree by public discussion."And it provides some evidence, Segal said, that perhaps, now that the electionis over, people feel they have "the freedom to mimic what they've been hearingfor so long. I think kids sort of do that anyway. If we are looking at theeffects of a long-term divisive campaign, I think the first place people shouldlook is how it affects youth."Segal said it appears that many of these incidents can't be traced back toorganized hate groups that are on the fringes of society but rather to "peopleemboldened by rhetoric, not just extremists but everyday average people who mayharbor some of these beliefs and now think it's OK to act out. I think that'swhat's scary for people."When incivility and hate speech become normalized, Segal said, it becomes moremainstream and boundaries are lost. "That's why it's so important to push backon hate speech. It's important for us to constantly remind people that this isunacceptable. This is not right. This is not normal."In Danbury, Mayor Mark Boughton said there is an important difference betweenwhat people say at a political rally and a chant directed at a diverse communityduring a high school football game."I think the issue now is [that] people are really on a hair trigger with talkthat's going on both on the left and the right," he said. "I think everybodyjust has to calm down a little bit, just be a little bit more compassionate andcaring to each other."And this is coming from somebody that voted Trump and Pence. So let's keepthings in perspective here."A Curtain LiftedPetrella, the Bates College lecturer, has studied the KKK in New England. Hesaid history shows that white supremacist groups like the KKK emerge on apredictable cycle, whenever "folks of color are offering deep challenges to thesanctity and legitimacy of white supremacy.""It's absolutely no surprise to me that we've gone from our first blackpresident to our first openly white supremacist president," Petrella said. "It'sa new, updated, Reconstruction. You saw the KKK form in the immediate aftermathof black folks in the South winning civil rights. And I see a very, very starklinkage."It's black progress, white retrenchment, black progress, white retrenchment,"Petrella said. "In a lot of ways that is the dance that our country has engagedin since its inception."In the past eight years or so, Petrella said, the number of extremist groups hasgrown, which he believes is not a coincidence but rather a direct reaction tothe Obama presidency.He suggests the country may be entering a period in which Trump's election hasgiven "license to a lot of folks who have been harboring deep-seated  racialresentment for quite some time."Nothing changed in American social and racial values between Nov. 7 and Nov. 9,Petrella said, "except the curtain has been lifted.""I think it's now bubbling up to the political consciousness of middle classwhite folks," Petrella said, "piercing the respectability politics that governwhite middle class ideologies, which is: We don't accept hate, bigotry is bad.Its dislodged from its historical context. That's when it becomes a big problem.it's not just folks wearing hoods."If anyone suggests that the youths in East Windsor or the youths involved in anysuch racist activities around the country didn't understand what they weredoing, Petrella said, "that may be true and fair. ... But the rejoinder is thatthe reason these white youth didn't know what they were doing is because theygrew up being acculturated as white. You are not expected to know these things."If you grow up black or Latino or even in a Jewish family, this is very muchpart of not only your family history, but also just U.S. history and one wouldassume that youth of color would see this history in a way that white youth donot."Significance Of KKK ImageryAlbert Laguna, Yale's director of undergraduate studies for ethnicity, race andmigration, said parents should be "extremely worried that young people aremaking the obvious, yet no less troubling, connection between Trump and theKKK."He said that he hopes the people of East Windsor will "actually engage with thequestion of why dressing up as a Klan member is so deeply troubling. Itshouldn't be simply swept under the rug as the 'wrong thing' to do."My sense is that many young people have no idea why precisely the KKK and itsimagery is so problematic - their long history of racial violence, terror, andrhetoric. At this pivotal point in U.S. history, we must emphasize and insist oneducation."Catherine Stock, a history professor at Connecticut College who specializes inrural radicalism and domestic terrorism said that often there is a tendency towant to forgive young people their transgressions."Let's not," she said. "Let's say what those things really are."She said young people have a "responsibility to understand our past well enoughto know that nooses, and swastikas and KKK hoods - they have very, very specificmeanings that aren't just symbolic. They are still terrifying.""If there is this much racism that is right under the surface in every state ofthe United States, including Connecticut, we're better off to know it," shesaid. "But if that's true we have a lot of work to do as a society."