President-elect Donald Trump may have considerable leverage in negotiations withUnited Technologies Corp. as he tries to force the conglomerate to reverse itsdecision to move 1,400 Carrier jobs to Mexico from Indiana.Trump can renegotiate UTC's aerospace contracts with the Pentagon and seekrevised federal environmental regulations and performance standards governingair conditioning and cooling equipment made by Carrier. He also could proposenew federal tax policy affecting billions of dollars in cash that UTC and otherconglomerates hold overseas."We have an administration that's going to evaluate corporate decisions andtrade-offs on a country level, not a company level," said Nick Heymann, ananalyst at William Blair and Co.Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders joined the fray Saturday, tying UTC's military workto a commitment to keep its air conditioning plant in Indiana."I call on Mr. Trump to make it clear to the CEO of United Technologies that ifhis firm wants to receive another defense contract from the taxpayers of thiscountry, it must not move these plants to Mexico," he said in a statement postedon his website.During the campaign, the Republican presidential candidate said he wouldguarantee "100 percent" that the plants will stay in Indiana.He tweeted Thursday he is trying to follow through on the promise that theCarrier plant and the jobs would not move in 2019 as planned."I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A.C. Company tostay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!" Trump tweeted.Carrier responded with a tweet about an hour later."Carrier has had discussions with the incoming administration and we lookforward to working together. Nothing to announce at this time," it said.A spokesman for the Farmington-based UTC would not elaborate.Greg Hayes, UTC's chief executive officer, said in an appearance at the Councilon Foreign Relations in New York Nov. 1 that with more than 200 new regulationson efficiency standards for air conditioners, labor costs were the "only way tobe competitive in the marketplace."Heymann said Trump could be "more accommodative" with environmental regulations,finding a trade-off between job locations and rules governing the manufacturingof air conditioning and heating equipment.Bill Dornbos, director of the Connecticut office of Acadia Center, a cleanenergy advocacy group, said changing the regulations could be difficult becausethe rule-writing process is drawn out and complicated. For example, minimumenergy conservation standards apply to more than 60 categories of appliances andequipment, according to the U.S. Department of Energy.In addition, cutting energy efficiency standards for air conditioning equipmentwould not likely help Carrier and other U.S. manufacturers because ofinvestments in meeting higher standards, he said."Any rollback would more likely end up benefiting foreign manufacturers whocould flood the market with lower-quality, less-efficient products," he said.Heymann said Trump also could tie UTC's military business to its actions byother subsidiaries. The conglomerate's U.S. military business generated $5.6billion in sales last year, about 10 percent of total revenue."He's buying F135 engines more than air conditioners," he said.Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst at Teal Group, said Trump could succeed,but his policies are out of step with Republican Party philosophy of reducingthe state's role in business and the economy."It's doable if you're a politician who believes in very big, heavy government,"he said. "You just have to go the extra mile as a big government politician."He said it's unlikely Trump could stop the F135 engine, made by UTC's Pratt &Whitney subsidiary for the Pentagon's jet fighter program, but he could changethe terms of future contracts.Jeff Windau, an analyst at Edward Jones in St. Louis, said tax policy also maybe on the table. UTC reported more than 85 percent of its $7.1 billion in cashwas held by its foreign subsidiaries at the end of last year.Corporations have been criticized for keeping cash outside the U.S. whileexecutives have defended the decision, saying U.S. taxes are excessive and notcompetitive with what foreign governments levy.Windau said UTC stands out as the one company potentially negotiating a range ofpolicies that affect numerous other conglomerates. But it began with anemotional video earlier this year of Carrier workers being told their jobs wereheading to Mexico."The video came out that gained attention," he said. "It's one company out of alot that are global and international that make decisions every day."Heymann said Trump looks through the "prism of economics and deals" and couldforce businesses to understand the impact of their decisions on U.S. jobs."It's scary how transformative this is," he said.