HIGHLIGHT: B&W: President-elect Donald Trump gives a thumbs up to the crowd ashe walks through the lobby of the New York Times following a meeting witheditors Tuesday in New York City.Spencer Platt | Getty ImagesPresident-elect Donald Trump abruptly abandoned some of his most controversialcampaign promises Tuesday, saying he does not plan to prosecute Hillary Clintonfor her use of a private email system or the dealings of her family foundation,has an "open mind" about a climate-change accord that he vowed to abandon and isno longer certain that torturing terrorism suspects is a good idea.The billionaire real estate developer also dismissed any need to disentanglehimself from his financial holdings, despite rising questions about how hisglobal business dealings might affect his decision-making as the nation's chiefexecutive."The law's totally on my side. The president can't have a conflict of interest,"Trump told editors and reporters of the New York Times during an expansive,hourlong question-and-answer session. "In theory, I could run my businessperfectly and then run the country perfectly. There's never been a case likethis."Trump further sought to distance himself from a small, far-right movement knownfor its embrace of racist and anti-Semitic rhetoric that has celebrated Trump'selection."I don't want to energize the group, and I disavow the group," Trump said of thealt-right.The president-elect has a record of making statements that are inconsistent withhis previous ones, which means it is uncertain whether any of the positions heespoused on Tuesday will hold in the days going forward, much less after he isinaugurated.Some of Trump's shifts also have the potential to spark a backlash from his mostardent supporters.In his meeting with the Times, Trump assumed a more cordial posture than he hasin recent days. Over the weekend, he used his Twitter account to attack thecomedy of "Saturday Night Live" and the cast of the hit Broadway show"Hamilton." On Monday, he upbraided broadcast news executives and on-airjournalists in an off-the-record session that quickly leaked to other media.His stance on Clinton, the former secretary of state, was a jarring pivot fromthe presidential campaign, during which he called her "Crooked Hillary" andthreatened during one of their debates to put his Democratic opponent in jail.At his rallies and during the Republican convention in Cleveland, Trump'ssupporters would regularly chant, "Lock her up!"But on Tuesday, he said: "I don't want to hurt the Clintons. I really don't. Shewent through a lot and suffered greatly in many different ways."Asked whether that meant he had ruled out appointing a special prosecutor, as hehad said he would, Trump said: "It's just not something that I feel verystrongly about."If Trump were to push or try to block a criminal investigation from the OvalOffice, it would mark an extraordinary break with political and legal protocol,which holds that the attorney general and FBI make decisions on whether toconduct probes and file charges, free of pressure from the president.The president-elect's new position may also have no effect on the plans of othermembers of his party on Capitol Hill. Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, who isfinishing his first term leading the House Oversight and Government ReformCommittee, has vowed to continue to investigate Clinton's email server.An attorney for Clinton, David Kendall, declined to comment.Trump also shifted position on climate change, saying he believes there is "someconnectivity" between human activity and rising global temperatures.In 2012, he brushed off that idea as a Chinese hoax, tweeting: "The concept ofglobal warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S.manufacturing non-competitive."Asked whether he plans to withdraw the United States from the 2015 Paris climateaccord, he said he is keeping "an open mind to it." The deal negotiated bynearly 200 countries last year commits them to a global push to reducegreenhouse gases.Trump, however, has repeatedly said the agreement is bad for U.S. businesses. Ina speech in May, he declared that during his first 100 days in office, "we'regoing to cancel the Paris climate agreement and stop all payments of U.S. taxdollars to U.N. global warming programs."Trump signaled another shift on the question of how to treat terrorism suspects.During his presidential campaign, he had said that he would reinstate the use ofwaterboarding and similar interrogation techniques in the questioning ofsuspected terrorists."Don't tell me it doesn't work - torture works," Trump said in February at aretirement community in South Carolina. "OK, folks? Torture - you know, halfthese guys [say]: 'Torture doesn't work.' Believe me, it works. OK?"But Tuesday he suggested he might have changed his mind after interviewing aleading candidate for secretary of defense, retired Marine Corps Gen. JamesMattis, who headed the U.S. Central Command.Mattis argued that he had never found harsh interrogation techniques "to beuseful," Trump said, adding that the retired general preferred building trustwith "a pack of cigarettes and a couple of beers.""I was very impressed by that answer,'' Trump said.Trump spoke extensively about the implications of an unprecedented situation inwhich a businessman with global holdings will sit in the Oval Office. Thatprospect has prompted criticism that there will be inevitable conflicts ofinterest.His election, Trump acknowledged, has been good for his business, making thename that he emblazons on his properties and markets through his licensingagreements "a hotter brand than it was before."Donald Trump Said:Clinton: He doesn't favor prosecuting Hillary Clinton. "I don't want to hurt theClintons."Alt-right: Disavows far-right movement that has celebrated his election.Climate change: Thinks there's "some connectivity" between humans and climatechange.