Standing UpFor Kindness, RespectIn the aftermath of this divisive election, many of us yearn to reaffirm ourcommitment to the values of respect, kindness and acceptance. When a sign inEast Haddam reading "Dear Muslims, Immigrants, Women, Disabled, LGBTQ & AllPeople of Color, We love you boldly and proudly" was defaced, a Chester coupleinvited others to their home to discuss how to stem the prevalent animosity ofthe current climate and instead promote positive values and attitudes.The group named itself The Valley Stands Up. It is not political and notreligious. It welcomes all, as we hope our region and nation does also. Thegroup's goal is to help us work together toward a kinder and more respectfulfuture.The first action was to organize a peaceful gathering of people wishing to showtheir support. With only one day's notice, more than 350 people gathered indowntown Chester on Nov. 13 and made the 2-mile march to downtown Deep River,carrying signs expressing positive values and hopes.Thank you to all for the joyful reassurance of this experience. We needed this.Let us continue by joining together to make respect and harmony the first andmost urgent goal for our future.Jan Taigen, ChesterSays Electoral College More FairThe Electoral College was a compromise between those who wanted Congress toelect the president and others who wanted a nationwide popular vote. Thisarrangement ensured that states with small populations did not suffer dominationby larger states. The same compassion is seen in the Senate, in which everystate gets two representatives, regardless of its population.Although this can and has resulted in the total vote loser winning thepresidential election, every presidential aspirant fully understands the systemand endeavors to balance her or his political strengths with available time,money, effort and organization so as to win the most electoral votes.Hillary Clinton knew that she had to motivate the usual Democratic voters inmetropolitan parts of important Electoral College states to offset DonaldTrump's strength in rural counties. The fact that Trump's voters wereunderestimated and Clinton's voters were overestimated is not the fault of theElectoral College.Alan L. Coykendall, FarmingtonFacts Support Aid In Dying BillThe Nov. 7 letter "Where Assisted Suicide Leads" was an attempt to refuteDesmond Tutu's wish to have the option of assisted death. Like most argumentsagainst Connecticut's aid in dying bill, this letter describes frightening andhypothetical scenarios that are not based in fact.For example, the letter writer describes the "inevitable progression from"assisted suicide to "just another option for the elderly." However, it is notinevitable. The bill restricts aid in dying to terminally ill patients whoserequest for this option is witnessed on two occasions by neutral witnesses whomust attest to the patient's state of mind. Misapplication of aid in dying isconsidered to be murder.Oregon's death with dignity law has been in effect for 18 years, and it hasworked extremely well. There have been almost no cases of attempted abuse, noris there any movement to expand it to apply to elderly or vulnerable people.Connecticut's bill is patterned after the Oregon law, except that the bill hereis a bit more restrictive than Oregon's law.This bill will greatly benefit the few people who are eligible for aid in dyingand choose to use it. It will have zero impact on everyone else.Stan Greenberg, ManchesterWill CongressSet Health Care Example?I trust that the Republican members of Congress, who are so eager to repealObamacare, turn Medicaid into block grants and privatize Medicare, will soontake the logical first step and reject their own federally subsidized healthcare.Janice Trecker, Hampton