Will States GoTheir Separate Ways?I would venture to guess that in the not too distant future, the United Statesof America may be more aptly called just States in America.This election was a sign of the winds of change, good or bad depending on howyou see it, but the rise of states' dominion and interpretation of theConstitution seems to be one outcome the current victors are championing. Theyears to come may see radically different state or regional laws, greaterchallenges to what the national Constitution really means and perhaps eventuallya series of state nations with only geography in common.It's fairly obvious we already have two (or more) Americas, based on theelection results and reactions afterward. "A house divided against itself cannotstand," Lincoln warned, but Lincoln only had two halves to unite.Dominic Gagliardo, BurlingtonStill One Of The BestNations In WorldRegardless of political affiliation, there is a nation to be managed and ademocracy to be preserved. We are still one of the best nations in the world. Weare certainly not in dire straits.There may be things that need correction, but we will rise to the occasion, asalways. Let us remember that every one of us is molded by the same DNA. We arekin. Need we say more.Oscar Burgeson, BristolMy Generation Not Where You Think On TrumpAs a young millennial who voted in my first presidential election, I was stunnedby the results. What surprised me the most about this election was how silentmany of Donald Trump's supporters really were throughout the campaign season. Ithink that is the reason why the polls were so wrong; there was and still is astigma among some groups attached to being a Donald Trump supporter.There were plenty of Trump supporters who wore their support for him on theirsleeves, but there was a significant number, at least in my own community, whosilently supported him. I also have plenty of friends and acquaintances who Iknew were Trump supporters before the election, and I had come to terms withthat.However, it was my friends who had spent the entire campaign complaining aboutboth candidates and then voted for Trump who shocked me. It wasn't just thatthey supported Trump, it was the arbitrary and upsetting reasons they gave forsupporting him.I am not going to stop being friends with them because they supported Trump, butI will definitely look at them differently. I expected them, as youngmillennials, to be progressive and forward-thinking. I guess I was wrong.Marc-Yves Regis II, NewingtonUpper Class, Working Class DivergingMany are perplexed if not alarmed by the election of Donald Trump. The Democratscan't fathom how their traditional white working-class base deserted them.Part of the answer can be drawn from the 2012 book "Coming Apart." AuthorCharles Murray analyzed cultural changes in the white population of Americasince 1963, and concluded that civic culture is unraveling - "coming apart atthe seams" - but not on the basis of race or ethnicity, but of class. He foundincreasing divergence between the new white upper class and the new whiteworking class.Through intermarriage and lifestyle preferences, the more successful white upperclass is segregating itself physically and culturally from a new, deterioratingwhite working class. The deterioration is due in part to the economic drag andthe insidious effects on individual initiative associated with the growth of thewelfare state. People of mixed classes are no longer coming together voluntarilyto solve their joint problems.This white working class has been ignored by the white upper class and by bothpolitical parties. No wonder those who are part of it see hope and change in anoutsider like Trump.James Ristas, Windsor