A move to do away with the Electoral College as we know it is in full swingacross the nation, with Donald Trump  winning the presidency while collectingfewer total votes than his opponent.Connecticut will have a bill introduced by Rep. James Albis, D-East Haven, whohas brought up the measure before. And Gov. Dannel P. Malloy is on record asfavoring it.But don't look for the General Assembly to adopt it in the coming 2017legislative session. A yes vote in either chamber appears out of reach forseveral reasons.Advocates who say the national popular vote is fair because it counts everycitizen's opinion, while the Electoral College is unfair because itdisenfranchises millions of voters, have it only partly right. Both systems havedistortions, though a national popular vote could be fairer if done correctly.Nationwide, Democrats are leading the charge as they have for years. That'spartly because Democrats, for now at least, enjoy a popular lead in bothregistration and voter leaning, according to my analysis of tracking by Gallupin 2015 - although the Gallup results show Republicans have made up huge groundand now lead in the number of states, based on voter leaning.Trump is the fourth or fifth candidate - depending how you count - to win thepresidency but not the popular vote. The two recent popular-vote winners wholost, Al Gore in 2000 and Hillary Clinton this year, are Democrats.The route to a change would be through a compact among states. If statesrepresenting a majority of electoral votes formally adopt a measure - using theexact same language -to commit their electoral tallies to the national popularvote winner, then it would take effect, barring a successful legal challenge,which could happen in this nutty political era.So far, 10 states and the District of Columbia - totaling 165 electoral votes -have joined the compact. All of them are safely Democratic states, including NewYork and California, but the measure has garnered significant Republican backingin some places, Oklahoma among them.Why not Connecticut? We certainly don't see many campaign stops in presidentialelections after the primary, and since we're in the most populous corridor, thatwould probably change.But in recent years, Democrats in charge of the House and Senate have beenlukewarm to the idea, perhaps simply because of tradition. Connecticut tends tocling to the way things are in many areas, ranging from alcohol sales rules(only recently allowing Sunday sales) to tax reform to early voting.Few Connecticut Republicans have supported the national popular vote. SenatePresident Pro Tem Martin Looney, D-New Haven, has never been a strong publicsupporter and isn't talking about it now.In the House, Joe Aresimowicz, the incoming speaker, more left-leaning than hispredecessor, said he's been "intrigued" by the idea in the past. But he saidhe's not likely to make a move in the coming session."The problem I would have with it now is that it would look like it would be indirect response to the election," he said.That could undermine a Trump administration. "I want him to be the bestpresident he can be," Aresimowicz said.Moreover, a vote would require Democrats to expend political capital that theydon't have. They only hold an 18-18 tie in Senate seats, and their Housemajority is down to 79-72 - in a year when we face a brutal, $1.3 billion budgetshortfall that will suck up all the oxygen.Still, in the long run, Connecticut would be wise to commit its seven ElectoralCollege votes to the national popular vote winner. The current system, saidAlbis, who won re-election by a whopping nine votes, could be considered a formof gerrymandering, in which district lines distort the overall outcome."It makes sense just to level the playing field," Albis said. "It makes theelection itself more fair.""It's time to modernize the way we do this," said Cheri Quickmire, Connecticutdirector of Common Cause, which is strongly behind the move.It's certainly more fair, but not without problems. A national vote would havecandidates in both parties flying from big city to big city, never leaving themetro areas for the countryside. Just as the current system favors swing stateswith federal grants and other benefits, according to several studies, thenational popular vote would have first-term presidents showering cities withlargesse.Perhaps a better way to do it would be a hybrid, with an additional 538electoral votes allocated according to the popular vote, and the currentElectoral College's 538 votes kept intact, with 539 electoral votes needed for awin.Opponents who say a popular vote would lead to national recount nightmares havea point, but we ought to be able to use technology to get around that.Since Election Day, many Democrats have argued that Clinton should be therightful winner because she will have outpolled Trump by more than 1 millionvotes when the tallies are done. Trump claimed in a Tweet that he'd have won thepopular vote if he tried, and a close look at the numbers shows he's probablyright.Simply put, there was more room for Trump to pick up votes in big, uncontested,Democratic states such as New York and California than there was for Clinton instates such as Texas.In short, the outcome in 2016 is not an argument that the Electoral College isunjust. But reform is in order anyway, someday.