HIGHLIGHT: Vice president-elect Mike Pence, left, meets Thursday with Sen. ChuckSchumer, D-N.Y.JIM WATSON/Getty-AFPWASHINGTON - Vice President-elect Mike Pence stood before a roomful of HouseRepublicans on Thursday and asked how many had his cellphone number.Chuckles of laughter rippled through the private meeting in the Capitolbasement."A lot of you do," Pence said, according to those in attendance.The former congressman is proving an effective envoy for President-elect DonaldTrump, and his Capitol Hill visit offered a preview of the crucial role manybelieve the outgoing Indiana governor will play as liaison between lawmakers andthe Trump White House."He is the secret weapon," said Rep.  David Schweikert, R-Ariz., who was amongthose fiscal conservatives initially reluctant to support the party'spresidential nominee. "There's going to be tough moments, and he's someone youcan pick up the phone and call."Dispatching Pence to the Hill was part of the Trump team's ongoing effort toreverse the narrative of a rocky presidential transition.Late Thursday, The Associated Press reported that Trump offered retired Lt. Gen.Michael Flynn the job of national security adviser.Flynn, who served as the director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, hasadvised Trump on national security issues for months.The official wouldn't say whether Flynn had accepted the job. The official wasnot authorized to discuss the offer publicly and insisted on anonymity.High-profile visitors, many eyeing top Cabinet posts, have streamed in and outof Trump Tower in New York. They included Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions, WallStreet executive Steven Mnuchin, former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani and severalof Trump's children. South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley was thought to have visitedbut was not observed by reporters entering the building.Also reportedly ready to meet with the president-elect was former GOPpresidential nominee Mitt Romney, who had called Trump a "phony" and a "fraud"during the campaign. According to numerous media reports, the pair planned tospeak over the weekend.On Thursday in New York, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe had a face-to-facemeeting with Trump that raised some eyebrows because it went beyond the shortcongratulatory phone call that usually occurs between a president-elect and aworld leader.Abe described the meeting as "really cordial" and said he was convinced that hewas able to establish a relationship of trust, The AP reported.Trump advisers downplayed the session as a private, informal meeting.During a newly launched daily conference call to update the news media on thetransition, Trump spokesman Jason Miller said that by next week the team willhave announced a roster of aides who will begin contacting various federalagencies to discuss transition matters. Delays in making those contacts havecaused alarm among some."I'm hearing from all these agencies that they're beginning to panic - thatthey've heard from no one on the transition team," said Sen. Claire McCaskill,D-Mo. "So I think it's a problem."Miller said the first "landing team" will focus on national security, reachingout to officials from the Pentagon, the State Department and other securityagencies. Officials said the Pentagon team could arrive as early as Friday.An economic team is promised by Tuesday and a domestic team by Wednesday, Millersaid.The transition team has been battling the perception of disorganization andinfighting, particularly after the departure earlier this week of key advisers.The shake-up led to speculation about the outsize influence of Trump'sson-in-law, Jared Kushner, whom some blamed for pushing out former transitionchairman Chris Christie and his allies.Sending Pence to Capitol Hill served as a reminder of one the reasons Trumpchose the even-tempered conservative for his team.Even doubters of the president-elect came away feeling more at ease with Pence'spresence."He made it clear that he and the president-elect want to work with all of us,no matter what position we took during the presidential campaign," said Rep.Carlos Curbelo, R-Fla., an outspoken opponent of Trump. "I'm very encouraged.He's going to be very engaged - perhaps in recent history the vice presidentthat will most be engaged in the Congress."lisa.mascaro@latimes.com