After the presidential election, my immediate reaction was probably similar tomany, not just in Connecticut but across the country, who supported HillaryClinton. Especially for those of us who worked on campaigns this year, there hasbeen much retrospection and honest dialogue throughout the last few weeks. Atthe same time, there has also been no shortage of hot takes, Twitter threads andopinionated pieces (sorry for not reading most of them).Probably one of the biggest outcomes in the electoral aftermath is how thisaffects the public discourse - starting at the youngest ages. I come from afamily with several teachers, and I have heard firsthand stories of studentsdiscriminating against and bullying others based on their backgrounds or beliefs- and these are students as young as sixth grade.As if that weren't enough, there were multiple reports of similar incidentselsewhere in the United States. What's worse, even with the campaign in therearview mirror and fading behind us after an agonizing amount of time, it isunlikely that such behavior will disappear or lessen at all.If the goal moving forward is unity, it will be tough to accomplish with apresident-elect who incited hatred and used divisive rhetoric while campaigningover the last 18 months. The issue at hand is not simply the concept of treatingeach other with the same amount of respect we'd expect to receive ourselves,which should be a no-brainer at this point. In reality, it comes down tosomething deeper.When the recordings from "Access Hollywood" were released, we learned how DonaldTrump talked about treating women. The talking heads on television promptlyresponded, expressing particular concern about the president-elect's remarksbecause they have daughters. However, that should not have been the only way toview the coarse remarks about women. They should be concerned about their sons'reaction to such vulgar language as well - if anything, more so.As the holiday season continues, a certain amount of discourse or civicdiscussion seems inevitable at the dinner table with family members. Granted, atsome tables there will be no shortage of disagreements. Even if not the norm forsome, it will most likely be true for a great many this year.Yet even when such disputes arise, there should be every effort to keep the tonecivil without the blatant signs of hatred that has been displayed across thestate in recent days. Just days ago, someone vandalized the athletic complex atWilbur Cross High School in New Haven with Nazi swastikas. Earlier this month,someone appeared dressed in KKK regalia at a bonfire gathering in East Windsor.The Friday before that same weekend, a group of students from Wilton High Schoolreportedly chanted "build the wall" during a football game with Danbury. Italmost goes without saying, such actions should not be tolerated by anyone.The phrase "if you see something, say something" has a new relevance. Shouldcolleagues at work joke about rounding up any Muslim co-workers for thepresident-elect's national registry, don't allow that to occur without a commonsense response explaining the impropriety of such a plan. If you hear friendsmaking sexist comments about a woman, point out how they are beingdisrespectful. When your uncle or other highly opinionated relative starts goingoff about making Mexico pay for a wall, politely state that it would not befeasible. While you're at it, mention how this isn't what our country is about.The United States represents building bridges so we can all succeed. It alsomeans being accepting of other people. No matter their ethnicity, race, genderor sexual orientation, they all deserve the same opportunity to achieve theAmerican dream.Miles Halpine, 22, of Bethany, is director of communications for the ConnecticutConference of Democratic Mayors and has worked on numerous Democratic campaigns.The Courant invites writers younger than 30 to write essays of 650 words or lesscontaining strong views. Please email your submission to freshtalk@courant.com,with your full name, hometown, daytime phone number, age and occupation (or yourschool's name and your level in school). You can also fax op-eds to860-520-6941.