HIGHLIGHT: Steve Mnuchin, right, has been tapped for secretary of the Treasury.Among Donald Trump's other picks are, from top right, Elaine Chao forTransportation, Rep. Tom Price for Health secretary and Seema Verma for Medicareand Medicaid.Drew Angerer/Getty Drew Angerer/Getty Carolyn Kaster/AP DrewAngerer/GettyWASHINGTON - President-elect Donald Trump is tapping a trio of nominees withdeep ties to Washington and Wall Street to fill out his Cabinet, includingformer Goldman Sachs executive Steven Mnuchin as treasury secretary.A transition official said the president-elect and Vice President-elect MikePence will travel to Indiana on Thursday for an event with Carrier, the airconditioning company. During the campaign, Trump repeatedly used the news ofCarrier's plans to move some business to Mexico as criticism of Democratic tradepolicies. Carrier tweeted, "We are pleased to have reached a deal withPresident-elect Trump & VP-elect Pence to keep close to 1,000 jobs in Indy."On Tuesday, Trump also chose Georgia Rep. Tom Price to oversee the nation'shealth care system, picking a fierce Obamacare critic who has championed effortsto privatize Medicare. And he selected another veteran Republican, Elaine Chao,to lead the Department of Transportation.Trump's team also announced that Seema Verma has been chosen to be administratorof the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.Mnuchin, 53, led Trump's finance operations during the presidential campaignbut he has no government experience, which could prove a hurdle in navigatingthe tricky politics of Washington.Mnuchin is expected to be joined on Trump's senior economic team Wilbur Ross,the reputed Commerce Secretary pick. The billionaire investor is considered the"king of bankruptcy" for buying beaten-down companies with the potential todeliver profits.Price, picked to lead the Department of Health and Human Services, helped craftHouse Speaker Paul Ryan's plan to privatize Medicare - which Trump opposed inthe campaign. Chao, who  served under George W. Bush,  is married to SenateMajority Leader Mitch McConnell.The selections came as Trump spent Tuesday with advisers in Manhattan, racingthrough meetings  as high-profile vacancies loom - none bigger than secretary ofstate. Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney, on the shortlist for the nation'schief diplomat, was to have a private dinner with Trump.At the same time, Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein delivered $3.5million to the state of Wisconsin to guarantee a recount in one of the statesthat fueled Trump's unexpected victory.Trump has assailed the Green Party effort as a scam and separately has madeunsupported claims of voter fraud in other states.Meanwhile, Price's selection raised questions about the incoming president'scommitment to Medicare, among other popular  programs he repeatedly vowed topreserve before the election. The Georgia congressman led GOP efforts on CapitolHill to transform Medicare into a voucher-like system.Trump did not address Price's position on Medicare in a statement released byhis transition team. The team did not respond to subsequent questions about it.Trump, in a 2015 interview promoted on his campaign website, pledged not to cutexpensive  programs that Republicans have fought for years to cut.He later embraced the GOP concept of turning Medicaid over to the states with afixed amount of federal "block grant" funding.A sweeping Medicare initiative would have to go through Congress with someDemocratic support, which would be unlikely.Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders charged that Price "has a long history of wanting todo exactly the opposite of what Trump campaigned on."Like Price, Chao is well-known in Washington, having led the Department of Laborfor several years.Her record as labor secretary suggests she would bring a light hand to safetyenforcement as transportation secretary.Both Price and Chao would require Senate confirmation.The president-elect  also met with Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker, chairman of theSenate Foreign Relations Committee, having met with former CIA director DavidPetraeus the day before regarding the secretary of state job.Even as he weighed crucial Cabinet decisions, Trump appeared distracted byoutside issues - or eager to create distractions himself. He tweeted that"nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag." He warned that those whodo should face "perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!"Trump offered no context for his message. The Supreme Court has ruled that flagburning is protected by the First Amendment, and Republican House MajorityLeader Kevin McCarthy said Tuesday he doesn't support Trump's approach.