Applauds Cities' Deportation StandI applaud the mayors of major cities across the U.S. who oppose Donald Trump'sstated plans to deport 3 million undocumented immigrants from this country. Thehypocrisy of committing a violent expulsion of millions of mainly law-abiding,nonviolent people when so many thousands of migrants are already violentlydetained, confined and treated with little sympathy and less humanity inimmigration detention prisons across this country is stunning.These plans have been made even more deceitful by false claims that there is anunusually high percentage of immigrants committing violent crimes, or that theseoffenders are being shielded by our existing laws. The immigration systemalready has provisions to deport those who have committed violent felonies, andin no cities are there barriers to criminal laws being enforced simply due to asuspected person's immigration status.I hope that more cities will join this cause and stand up for the rights of allpeople to equal protection and due process of the law in this country, and forthe peaceful, fair and welcoming treatment toward all those who contribute toit.Alexander Acimovic, BrooklynSays Early Voting Means CheatingLetter writers Cheri Quickmire and Michele Jacklin, both members of theleft-wing Common Cause, say so-called early voting is long overdue [Nov. 23,"Connecticut Early Voting Overdue"].This idea, however, was defeated at the polls as a state constitutionalamendment two years ago. I voted against it because we could never trust theDemocrats to fairly write the laws. What has changed in this proposal thatmerits it being reconsidered?Democrats far exceed Republicans in party registration in Connecticut. Theyshouldn't need to resort to cheating in order to win.John R. McCommas, WindhamWill Post-Truth PoliticsScuttle Climate Efforts?The Oxford Dictionaries word of this year is "post-truth," which is often usedin the phrase "post-truth politics." Its definition: "Relating to or denotingcircumstances in which objective facts are less influential in shaping publicopinion than appeals to emotion and personal belief."John Kerry's expressed hope at the global climate change summit in Morocco earlythis month that the U.S. will intensify its efforts to decrease carbon emissionsfell on doubting ears given the Trump Doctrine of calling global warming a hoax.Donald Trump's post-truth-based politics on many fronts should be enough todisqualify him from making any decisions that negatively affect the world. I canonly hope that he surrounds himself with more enlightened people who rely onfacts rather than rhetoric.Paul Neri, ClintonWhy Republicans GainedWhy did Republicans gain seats in the Connecticut legislature? Maybe the samereason the presidential election went the way it did.American voters are tired of ineffective government. According to ConnecticutAFL-CIO President Lori J. Pelletier, Republicans bought the election with fundsspent by "anti-worker, pro-corporate groups," including the Connecticut Businessand Industry Association spending $553,342 spread among 13 pro-businesscandidates [Nov. 14, Page 1, "Hard Work, And Money, Boost GOP"].Interestingly, U.S. Rep. Rosa DeLauro raised over $4 million compared with herRepublican opponent's $50,000, most of it his own money [Aug. 29, Page 1,"DeLauro Faces Republican Maverick"]. We need to ask who is buying electedoffice.Republicans gained seats in the state legislature because Connecticut is failingunder Democratic leadership. City schools are failing, the antibusiness climateis so harsh many businesses are leaving, and taxes and spending are rising. Thecapital, a once-thriving business community, could be headed to bankruptcy.The Democrats have forced a once prosperous state virtually to its economicknees in just a short 20 years. Poor leadership and even poorer fiscalmanagement is to blame - not funding pro-business candidates.I do not live here, but I do pay income tax here. The state is failingfinancially and socially. Wake up, taxpayers.Gary LaVallee, Holland, Mass.Out Of The Frying Pan?The supreme irony of this past election is that the middle class and the workingand rural poor, feeling betrayed and forgotten, abandoned the Democratic Party.They clearly ignored the fact that it was the Democratic Party which, over manydecades, provided programs and services that have not only benefited but greatlyimpacted their lives.Now a Republican president and Congress will work tirelessly to undo all thosesafety nets and replace them with programs that will provide a mere pittance.Even if Donald Trump makes good on his promise of more jobs, the costs ofprivatization and the stinting of services will offset any employment gains.Shortly after the election, Garrison Keillor wrote that Trump's "supportersvoted for change, and boy, are they going to get it."Eugene Eagle, Old Saybrook