"Report: Three Million Votes in Presidential Election Cast by Illegal Aliens;Trump may have won popular vote."- Infowars, website of conspiracy theorist Alex Jones, Nov. 14"In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popularvote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally."- President-elect Trump, Nov. 27We learned last week that President-elect Trump has been turning away hisintelligence briefers, leaving the tedious task of learning aboutnational-security threats to his understudy, Vice President-elect Pence.So where is Trump getting his information? Well, now we know.On Sunday, Trump tweeted out the wild allegations that "millions of people"voted illegally for his opponent. He also tweeted that there was "serious voterfraud" in three states that went for Hillary Clinton, "so why isn't the mediareporting on this?"The media wasn't reporting on this because it's a load of hooey. But one "media"outlet has been "reporting" the groundless allegations, and it's one that Trumprelied on frequently during the campaign: Alex Jones's Infowars, the radio andInternet home of the grassy-knoll crowd.For two weeks before Trump made his allegations, Jones had been alleging thisvery thing, saying there was a "wall of fraud" and that at least "five stateswere stolen" by Clinton. Jones alleged that Trump "clearly won the popularvote," asserting that in addition to 3 million illegal immigrants who voted, 4million dead people voted.Trump, with his mixture of the incendiary and the fanciful, invented the"Infowars campaign." Now comes the Infowars presidency. Let's see what else isbeing promoted by the outlet where the next leader of the free world gets hisnews:"Pizzagate Is Real: Something Is Going On, But What?" Infowars reports,asserting that "high-level Washington D.C. predatory pedophiles" arecommunicating via "symbols" on the menu of Comet Ping Pong, a pizza place inNorthwest Washington. "Notice the symbol of the ping-pong paddles and its cleverresemblance to the FBI documents' symbol for child love," Infowars reports.Right! And aliens from outer space have landed in Florida - news Infowars isalso currently breaking."Was Florida Fireball a UFO?" Infowars asks, noting, "A fireball shot throughthe Earth's atmosphere at 11 p.m. on Nov. 23" and citing "social media" for theUFO bit.The well-informed consumers of Infowars also know that at the moment the"Whereabouts of Julian Assange Remain a Mystery," since the election andWikiLeaks wants people "to stop requesting proof of life."Infowars listeners and readers know, as well, that requested recounts in threestates are an attempt by the Green Party "to push the 2016 election into thehands of Congress." Somewhat contradictorily, this effort also means there's a"Democrat Counter-Coup Against Trump in Progress." Jones warns that this is "areal threat and [George] Soros is behind it," part of a "soft civil war."Jones' rants would be funny if the soon-to-be most powerful man in the worlddidn't rely so heavily on them.Trump, the New York Times reported, called Jones after the election to thank himfor his support. Trump has been on the Jones show and praised the host's"amazing reputation"; Trump adviser Roger Stone is an Infowars regular.Trump has echoed Jones' allegations that climate change is a myth, thatPresident Obama wasn't born in America, that Muslims in New Jersey celebrated on9/11, that Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia was murdered, that Clinton useddrugs before a debate, that "globalists" (read: prominent Jews) are trying totake over America, that vaccines cause autism, and that Ted Cruz's father wasinvolved in the John F. Kennedy assassination. Jones, who says he advises Trumpprivately, boasts that Trump repeats his ideas "word for word."As the Right Wing Watch website has documented, Jones has alleged that the U.S.government was responsible for the Sept. 11 attacks (Jones posted an old videoMonday in which Trump appeared to suggest that aircraft alone couldn't havebrought down the towers), the Oklahoma City bombings, and mass shootings such asSandy Hook. Jones has said that "chemtrails" from airplanes spread a "weaponizedflu," that juice boxes are part of a chemical-warfare operation to make childrengay, that Justin Bieber is brainwashing children to create an American policestate, that Obama murdered publisher Andrew Breitbart, that an "alien force notof this world" is targeting Trump, that intergalactic shape-shifting reptilianhumanoids secretly control the world, and, of course, that water fluoridation ismass mind control.Rest assured, fellow Americans: President Trump will deliver us from fluoride,juice boxes, outer-space reptiles, and the 7 million dead people and foreignerswho vote in our elections. Less clear is whether he'll protect us from the realthreats his intelligence briefers would tell him about - if he'd let them in.Dana Milbank is a Washington Post columnist. @Milbank