More than 200 years ago, Thomas Jefferson wrote, "If a nation expects to beignorant and free in a state of civilization, it expects what never was andnever will be." If there was ever a time when those words ring true, it is now.Most people probably don't know that in the months leading to the presidentialelection, the 20 top-performing fake stories on Facebook outperformed the 20 topstories from verifiable news outlets. That's according to an analysis byBuzzFeed. Fake stories included Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clintonsold weapons to ISIS and that Pope Francis endorsed Republican Donald Trump. Asabsurd as they may be, many believed the stories. Signe WilkinsonMore unsettling though is that young people, the future of the Americandemocracy, seem just as confused as their elders. Although they are the mosttechnically agile generation, they're also more likely to be tricked becausethey're new at finding credible news sources.A new Stanford University study found middle school students couldn't tell anadvertisement from a news story and that college and high school students wereeasily duped by a public relations stunt, mistakenly believing an opinionatedwebpage was sponsored by a nonpartisan think tank.Researchers concluded: "Young people's abilities to reason about the informationon the internet can be summed up in one word: bleak."But it's not all bleak. Glimmers of hope come from area universities, fromStockton to West Chester, where professors are teaching students how to sift thefake from the real news, staff writer Jonathan Lai reported.Stanford has designed a curriculum for secondary school students on how toevaluate primary information sources. It's been downloaded 3.5 million times andis used by a few school districts. More districts should teach such criticalthinking skills in all grades to reach the broadest number of future voters.Today's youth are coming of age in an era when the new Oxford Dictionary's wordof the year is post-truth, defined as "relating to or denoting circumstances inwhich objective facts are less influential in shaping public opinion thanappeals to emotion and personal belief."Students should learn the difference between opinion and straight news and howto find reputable sources from newspapers, digital sites and broadcast newsstations with reporting staffs. All of these outlets make mistakes at times, butthe best among them readily admit errors because their primary goal is toprovide accurate information. They cite sources so consumers can learn more,determine motives, or easily verify information. High standards are rare on theinternet, but essential to maintaining the democracy. Without common agreementon the facts, there is little hope our problems can be identified and solved.Jefferson could not have anticipated the internet age but he presciently warnedthat: "The functionaries of every government have propensities to command atwill the liberty and property of their constituents. There is no safe depositfor these but with the people themselves; nor can they be safe with them withoutinformation."Maybe he should have said factual information.