Protests sprang up last week in Center City, on the Main Line, indeed acrossAmerica, as the backlash to the election of Donald Trump as president continued.Hundreds of thousands of protesters have taken to the streets. Many are angryand scared by Trump's derisive comments during the presidential campaign aimedat women, minorities, and the handicapped. But the protests have also morphedinto broader grievances about police violence and the environment.While most of the protests have been peaceful, some have turned ugly andviolent. Protesters are free to let their voices be heard, but there is no roomfor violence. Demonstrators should keep in mind that there are more positive andeffective ways to channel their voices.The first stop would be the voting booth. About 43 percent of eligible votersdid not cast ballots in this year's election. Anecdotal evidence indicates manyof the protesters did not vote or voted for third-party candidates who had nochance of winning. Nonvoters who come out to protest are late to the debate.Trump and his surrogates have done little to calm the anxiety that has led tothe protests, and instead have called protesters paid professionals and joblesscrybabies incited by the media. Others falsely claimed there was no backlashafter Barack Obama was elected.In fact, after Obama was elected in 2008 there were scores of hate-relatedincidents from California to Maine, including cross burnings, schoolchildrenchanting "assassinate Obama," black effigies hung from nooses, and racialepithets scrawled on people's homes and cars.The challenge going forward is for everyone to put aside his or her anger andwork for real change. That doesn't mean you can't speak out. Quite the opposite:Fight to right wrongs. Stay informed and engaged. Support credible mediaoutlets. Call out the spread of fake and bogus news on Facebook and other socialmedia sites.As citizens, support causes and individuals you believe in. Write to your local,state. and federal elected representatives to voice your support or oppositionto proposals.Better yet, get more involved in the political process. Most voters agreed thecountry deserved better candidates on the presidential ticket. Likewise, citiesand states could use more qualified elected officials who truly represent theinterests of voters.To that end, the local civic group Young Involved Philadelphia has been workingto increase civic engagement and empower young residents. Last week, the groupheld a workshop to teach millennials how to run for office.Before the election, only 30 people were signed up for the program. But afterthe election, 275 showed up for the event. It was such a success that a secondsession is in the works for next month.There has been much debate about the political divide between red states andblue states and cities and rural parts of the country. But more unites us thandivides us.Getting more involved, engaged, and informed is the best way to bring about realchange in Washington, Harrisburg, and Philadelphia, or any other community thatis begging for better leadership.