NEW YORK - President-elect Donald Trump declared Wednesday he will leave hisbusiness empire behind to focus on his presidency. But the prospect that hecould simply shift more control to three of his adult children looked too cozyto some business-ethics specialists who suggest the arrangement could bringunprecedented conflicts of interest into the Oval Office.Trump announced in a series of early morning tweets that he would leave his"great business," adding: "While I am not mandated to do this under the law, Ifeel it is visually important, as president, to in no way have a conflict ofinterest with my various businesses."Trump provided no details, though he said legal documents were being prepared.He previously had said he'd leave his business operations to his three elderchildren - Donald Jr., Eric, and Ivanka.Asked if the tweets indicated plans to move the businesses to the children,Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway said Wednesday, "It appears that way.""The three adult children who do already work in the corporation are expected tocontinue in those roles and in fact increase their responsibilities in thoseroles," Conway said.Ethics experts have pushed for Trump to fully exit the ownership of hisbusinesses using a blind trust or equivalent arrangement."Otherwise he will have a personal financial interest in his businesses thatwill sometimes conflict with the public interest and constantly raisequestions," Norman Eisen, President Obama's chief ethics lawyer, and RichardPainter, who held the same post for President George W. Bush, said in a jointstatement. The laws are generally loose for presidents regarding theirbusinesses except when it comes to ties to or gifts from foreign governments.All 16 Democratic members of House Judiciary Committee wrote to Chairman BobGoodlatte (R., Va.) to request hearings to examine conflicts-of-interest andethics provisions that may apply to Trump.Trump spent much of Wednesday conducting meetings in his Manhattan high-rise.His pick for secretary of state remains up in the air, though aides say he hasnarrowed his choices to four. One contender, former Massachusetts Gov. MittRomney, dined with him Tuesday.Trump has moved forward with other cabinet selections, choosing former GoldmanSachs executive Steven Mnuchin as Treasury secretary and billionaire investorWilbur Ross for Commerce.Mnuchin, 53, led Trump's finance operations during the presidential campaign,but he has no government experience. If confirmed by the Senate, he would play acentral role in shaping Trump's tax policies and infrastructure plans. He wouldalso lead an agency tasked with implementing international economic sanctions.Mnuchin would follow in the tradition of two previous Treasury secretaries whoworked at the Goldman Sachs investment firm. During the campaign, Trumprepeatedly criticized Hillary Clinton's ties to Wall Street banks and hit herfor paid speeches at Goldman Sachs.Arriving at Trump Tower Wednesday, Mnuchin said the administration planned "themost significant middle income tax cut since Reagan." He also called forlowering corporate taxes to encourage companies to stay in the United States.Meanwhile, Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence, the outgoing Indianagovernor, planned an event Thursday in Indiana in connection with anannouncement that Carrier Corp. planned to keep nearly 1,000 jobs in the stateinstead of moving them to Mexico.Details of the agreement were unclear. Trump spent much of his campaign pledgingto keep companies like Carrier from moving jobs out of the U.S., but he alsodismissed tax incentives and favorable financing deals often used by stateofficials to keep major employers home.Trump's sprawling business empire is unprecedented for a modern sittingpresident, as is the complexity and opaqueness of his holdings. He refused torelease his taxes during the campaign, citing an ongoing audit, and will beunder no legal obligation to do so in the White House.Trump owns golf clubs, office towers, and other properties in several countries.He holds ownership stakes in more than 500 companies. He has struck licensingdeals for use of his name on hotels and other buildings around the world and hasbeen landing new business in the Middle East, India, and South America.