By Marybeth HaganThanksgiving couldn't have come soon enough after this recent election season.The presidential race between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, and the divisiveidentity politics that went with it, split us apart. We the People are brokeninto the factions the Founding Fathers feared. To become one nation indivisibleagain, we'd best be grateful.Thankfulness for beloved family members and friends, and those who share ourpolitical views and preferences, is easy. The same cannot always be said aboutappreciating people with whom we have our differences, personal or political.Practicing gratitude leads one to see the good in others, which leads people toagree to disagree respectfully, a.k.a. civility.Plus, with an attitude of gratitude, one often finds the silver lining inadversity.And yes, believe it or not there is a silver lining to the tumult caused by thepresidential election of 2016. It was evident everywhere I went in the daysfollowing the election. People gathered on streets and in shops and in bars andat churches, rather than under the cover of social media, and talkedface-to-face about the upset. There was none of the usual chatter about pursuitsof happiness like TV shows, sports, movies, restaurants or vacation spots. Thiselection awakened us from our stupor. As a people, we're finally focused on thewell-being of our country. We seem determined to hold our elected leadersaccountable. We're even showing signs of being patriotic.My heart went out to a number of sincerely distressed voters with whom I spokeafter the election. Some appeared to be dazed, as if they were in a state ofshock. A few seemed fearful. One was close to tears. To their credit, thesepeople weren't throwing postelection temper tantrums on Narberth's main streetas demonstrators in other places did.Still, I must admit to being somewhat bewildered by the intensity of theirdisappointment. Was it because these voters, like most of the pollsters and thepress, assumed Hillary Clinton was a shoo-in for president? Or was it becausethey had invested too much hope in Clinton, as if she was some sort of a femaledeity? If the election had gone the other way and Trump lost, would hissupporters have been so dazed and devastated?Life teaches us the limits to our control of its outcomes. None of us know forsure what tomorrow will bring. This presidential election brought these truthsto light. We've been humbled. But humility can go a long way. It might evenbring more of us to our knees.Why not model this Thanksgiving on pilgrim-style progressiveness?The earliest settlers initiated Thanksgiving in 1621 by first thanking God. Theyfocused on what they had, a plentiful harvest, not on their hardships. Thepilgrims were equally thankful to the Almighty for newly found friendship withthe Wampanoag Native people, who were instrumental in the settlers' survival.This relationship was based on mutual need. The Wampanoags were weakened byplague due to diseases that earlier European traders brought ashore. So nativesand newcomers put aside their differences and showed one another respect.This Thanksgiving, surely we can all agree to be grateful for "the Blessings ofLiberty to ourselves and our Posterity." When our founders composed and signedthe U.S. Constitution in 1787, they established freedoms for us that would bedreams-come-true for souls suffering under tyrannical rulers in other lands.Yes, we shamed ourselves in allowing the scourge of slavery onto our shoresuntil it was outlawed by the Thirteenth Amendment in 1865. Still, the Preamblenever promised a perfect Union. It begins, "We the People of the United States,in Order to form a more perfect Union." With God's grace, courageous patriotslike the late Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. taught us how to peacefully strive forfurther perfection in our land.Continued efforts to form a more perfect Union will be futile if we are a nationdivided.When the British tax-imposing Townshend Acts of 1767 created political strife,John Dickinson, the Founding Father who was dubbed the "penman of theRevolution," composed "The Liberty Song" to encourage the colonists. Dickinsonwrote:Then join hand in hand, brave Americans all,By uniting we stand, by dividing wefall;In so righteous a Cause let us hope to succeed,For Heaven approves of eachgenerous Deed.Thank God the presidential election is finally behind us. Let's count our luckystars and stripes this Thanksgiving and make partisan peace with one another.Marybeth Hagan is a writer in Merion Station. mbthagan@gmail.com