The United Steelworkers union endorsed Hillary Clinton, but many of its membersvoted for Donald Trump.WASHINGTON - One of the more stunning developments in what was already thesurprising victory of Republican Donald Trump in the presidential election wasthe way the industrial Midwest fell like dominoes for him.First, Ohio. Then Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. Michigan, one week after theelection, still hadn't been called, but election officials said Trump lookedpoised to win that state as well.All four were strongholds for President Barack Obama in 2008 and 2012, in largepart because of strong union support. Indiana went for Obama in 2008, flipped tothe Republican column in 2012, and then made a more definitive statement on Nov.8, when Hillary Clinton won just four counties and received less than 38 percentof the vote.Indiana has long been considered a red state, but the others have either beenreliably blue or a swing state going back many election cycles.So what happened this year?"The Democratic Party has lost its footing among working people and allowed theRepublican Party to become the party of the working class," said Robert Bruno,director of the Labor Education Program at the University of Illinois-Chicago."And that's an astonishing thing to have to admit."Bruno and other labor experts say the election results reflect an increasinglyfraught relationship between rank-and-file union members and Democrats. Whileunion leadership has stuck solidly with Democratic candidates, the rank and filefeels torn: They do not feel that eight years of a Democratic presidency fixedwhat they had hoped it would fix."There was a lot of talk about how the economy has recovered and how the jobswere better and the economy had turned around," said Kate Bronfenbrenner,director of Labor Education Research at Cornell University's School ofIndustrial and Labor Relations. "If you're a worker today, there are jobs outthere, but to support your family you have to work two of those jobs."Median income is up, unemployment is down and there are more auto jobs thanthere were eight years ago. But dig into the numbers and, said Bruno, "what youend up seeing is a vast amount of jobs are not middle class jobs."The overwhelming percentage of the gains have gone to, if not the top one(percent), the top 20 percent of income.... Economic decline has been the mostprominent characteristic of the lives of working class workers for decades now."Trump is the product of the evolution of the economy and the failure of publicpolicy to lessen the pain felt by many working families, Bruno said."One candidate looked like more of the same and the other candidate had therhetoric that spoke to that pain," he said. "They gambled on the unknown."Union splitClinton secured the endorsement of labor union after labor union - the AFLCIO,the Service Employees International Union, the American Federation of Teachers,the United Autoworkers, the United Steelworkers and the Teamsters - but therewas a split within the ranks, according to Bruno.This showed up in the Democratic primaries when many in the rank-and-file weredrawn to Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and his message of economic inequality, hesaid. Trump continued that same message during the general election.Union leadership tends to back the candidate thought to have the best chance ofwinning, which is typically the centrist. But Bruno says there wasn't the sameenthusiasm for Clinton among the rank-and-file, which tamped down turnout onElection Day and even sent some of those votes to Trump.Exit polls on Nov. 8 showed a drop in Democratic support among voters in unionhouseholds over four years ago. In 2012, Barack Obama got about 58 percent ofthat vote compared to 40 percent for Republican Mitt Romney.This year, CNN's exit poll showed Clinton with 51 percent of the vote from thosein union households compared to 43 percent for Trump. In other words, she stillwon the union vote, but Trump made a dent.In Ohio it was more than a head-on collision. Trump, according to exit polls,won 49 percent of the union vote compared to 44 percent for Clinton.To put that into perspective, Obama received 60 percent of Ohio's union vote in2012 while Romney received 37 percent.Ohio AFL-CIO President Tim Burga said Trump "was speaking a language that hit onan emotional level, even though Donald Trump has not led his life or has ahistory or record of helping working people.""We could tell that voters were unsure of Donald Trump," he said. "But we couldalso sense they felt like a change election was what was being desired."Shrinking basePerhaps the most troubling sign for unions - and maybe Democrats too - is theshrinking union base. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, 17.7 millionAmericans belonged to unions in 1983. By 2015, that number had fallen to 14.8million.Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, acknowledged that Trump's message was "appealing" tomany union members."Hillary reminded them of NAFTA," he said, referring to the North American FreeTrade Agreement that was negotiated by her husbandandisdespisedinmany unionhouseholds. "They didn't trust Hillary, in the end, to give us somethingdifferent. It was a change election in that way."But Brown predicts the working-class infatuation with Trump will end quickly,particularly if Democrats get behind policies that call for a higher minimumwage, more generous family leave timeandnewovertimerules."We'vegottofightforthem," he said of the working class. "And if Donald Trumpdoes too, more power to him."