paign Trump manager campaign Robby manger Mook Kellyanne had plenty Conway ofchoice , and words Clinton . cam-CAMBRIDGE, MASS. Top strategists for Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton clashedheatedly Thursday at a post-election forum over the qualities of the candidatesand the forces behind the Republican's unexpected victory.The conversation turned particularly contentious over whether Trump had boostedand benefited from the so-called alt-right, a movement that includes whitesupremacists and anti-Semitics."Hashtag, he's your president, how about that?" Trump campaign manager KellyanneConway demanded after Clinton pollster Joel Benenson accused Trump of using "dogwhistles" to appeal to bigots. "Will you accept the election results?""Kellyanne, hashtag, if he's going to be my president he's got to show me thatwhite supremacy is not acceptable steps from the Oval Office," Clinton adviserKaren Finney shot back, a reference to Trump strategist Steve Ban-non, formerCEO of a website popular with the alt-right.The campaign managers, pollsters and other top aides from 16 presidentialcampaigns gathered Wednesday and Thursday for a quadrennial conference thatHarvard's Institute of Politics has sponsored since 1972. Three weeks afterElection Day, the conference was timed to take place while memories - and wounds- were still fresh.For the Trump and Clinton strategists lined up on opposite sides of a longtable, the arguments from the campaign were as fierce as ever.The Clinton team argued she lost in large part not because of her own failingsbut because of unfair media coverage, campaign emails leaked by Russianintelligence and unprecedented public comments by FBI Director James Comey. Shealso faced an electorate angry at Washington and eager for change.The Trump team argued he won because he connected with voters Democrats hadignored and dismissed. "Do you think you could just have a message for whiteworking-class workers?" Conway said. "How about it's Hillary Clinton? Shedoesn't connect with people."Strategists for his GOP rivals acknowledged Trump and his message resonated withthe party's base in a way few had foreseen."Trump was Godzilla walking into the power plant," David Kochel, top strategistfor former Florida governor Jeb Bush, said ruefully. "He touched the third rail;he touched the fourth rail; he touched the fifth rail, (and) he just keptgetting bigger.""Nobody cared about solutions," said Sarah Huckabee Sanders, who ran thecampaign of her father, former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee. "They wanted toburn it all down ... and figure out what to do with the ashes afterwards."Trump routinely rejected the advice of his senior strategists in a campaign thatrelied on his gut instincts and fit the mood of an angry electorate, formercampaign manager Corey Lewandowski said. He recalled pulling Trump aside for aprivate conversation after the candidate had characterized Arizona Sen. JohnMcCain, a POW during the Vietnam war, as not a hero because he had beencaptured."I closed the door and I said, 'I think we have a problem,' " Lewandowski said."My advice was probably we need to go and apologize to John McCain." Instead,Trump quickly convened a news conference and doubled down on his criticism ofMcCain and others for what he said was inadequate treatment of veterans.Even the alarm of advisers after he questioned the ability of a judge of Mexicandescent to be fair to him wasn't likely to dissuade him."Understand, here's a man who had never run for office before, had just cleanedthe clock of 16 prominent Republicans," Trump pollster Tony Fabrizio said. Everytime others argued that his provocative statements would create a politicalcatastrophe, "Well, guess what, that didn't happen.""You guys won," Benenson said but noted that Clinton carried the popular vote."Don't act like you have some popular mandate for your message."Amid a rumble of protests from the Trump side, Conway told their side, "OK,guys, we won; you don't have to respond." She said to the Clinton side, "You'velearned nothing about this election."