U.S. Rep. Mike Turner, R-Dayton, speaking at the Hudson Institute, a nonpartisanD.C.-based think tank, said he agrees with Trump on the principle that NATOpartners must increase their defense spending for the military alliance.WA S H I N GTO N - R e p . Mike Turner on Wednesday offered hopeful words aboutPresident-elect Donald Trump's commitment to NATO, praising Trump's commitmentboth to increasing military spending and demands that NATO partners beef uptheir investment in the alliance.The message was a contrast to the substance of Trump's comments about NATOduring the campaign.Turner, speaking at the Hudson Institute, a nonpartisan D.C.-based think tank,is at the end of his two-year term as president of the NATO ParliamentaryAssembly. The European-U.S. alliance has existed since 1949.Trump stunned NATO allies during the presidential campaign by appearing to makeU.S. military support for NATO member states conditional on whether thosenations had invested sufficiently in the alliance. Asked by the New York Timeswhether he'd protect NATO countries if Russia attacked them, Trump responded bysaying that some partners had not been meeting their financial responsibilitiesto the alliance.Under the terms of the alliance's Article 5, an attack against one state isconsidered an attack against every member of the alliance.The Dayton Republican said he believes Trump is committed to Article 5, and hesaid he agrees with Trump on the principle that NATO partners must increasetheir defense spending for the alliance. While the U.S. spends approximately 3.6percent of its gross domestic product on defense for NATO countries, Germanyonly spends 1.2 percent of its GDP on defenseWith the election over, Turner has become an intermediary between thepresident-elect and NATO leadership. Turner said he helped to set up aconversation between Trump and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg - thefirst conversation between the two since Trump was elected president. Turnerworked with Vice-President-elect Mike Pence to set up the meeting."They had a very good conversation," he said. "What I'm hearing from theadministration is not only an absolute commitment to Article 5 but an absolutecommitment that partners need to increase their defense spending."He said he would not take the Trump's campaign overtures toward RussianPresident Vladimir Putin as "a walk away from the commitment to NATO or thecommitment to building up our military. The President-elect has been very clearabout increasing our military strength."