Presidential recount underway. What's your take on it?? This is a plot to distract the country from the stupendous Election Day fraudin which millions of dead people cast their votes for Hillary Clinton.? Is it going to get rid of Donald Trump? If it isn't, I don't care. I don'tcare about anything. Excuse me, I'm going back to bed.Yes, it's true the post-election nation is still divided, this time between thefolks who don't want to believe Trump is going to be president and the ones whodon't want to hear that more people actually voted for Clinton.But about the recount: The star of this show is Jill Stein, the Green Partynominee for president. On Wednesday, Stein's lawyers filed paperwork to forceMichigan to recheck its vote tallies. She's also getting a recount in Wisconsinand she's working on Pennsylvania.Since Stein got only 51,463 votes in Michigan to Trump's 2,279,543, this wouldseem like an exercise in ... um, futility? Deeply cynical minds think the realgoal might just be to increase her donor database - her recount campaign hasdrawn more than $6 million. But Stein says she wants to demonstrate the need toreform the nation's extremely messy voting system."Jill Stein is the friend who ruins your wedding but really shows up for youduring the divorce," comedian Morgan Murphy tweeted.Stein claims most of her supporters wouldn't have voted for anybody if the GreenParty hadn't been an option. But even if she did make a difference, she doesn'tcare."I don't regard one candidate as preferable to the other," she said.We had heard something similar from Ralph Nader, whose presence on the ballot in2000 probably cost Al Gore Florida, and the presidency. On many of Nader'sissues, Gore was not great. But the point of the American system of democracy isthat in the end, you often have to take the responsibility for choosing thebetter of two unlovely options. And if Gore had been elected, we wouldn't haveinvaded Iraq. Case closed.The one positive effect of the recount, besides reassuring people who worry theRussians might be capable of hacking a massive American vote tally, is the wayit reminds the nation, every day, that Donald Trump is one of theleast-successful successful presidential candidates in American history.He lost the popular vote to Clinton by more than 2 million votes. Due to ourextremely strange Electoral College system, five men have gotten electedpresident even though more people voted for their opponent.It's important for our mental health to accept that the current recount isn'tgoing to change the election results, although it's theoretically conceivablethat additional legal challenges could make it impossible for anybody to win thenecessary 270 votes when the Electoral College meets Dec. 19. That would throwthe decision over to the Republican-controlled Congress, and an obscureprocedure that happened once before, when John Quincy Adams defeated AndrewJackson.I'm bringing that up just so I can note that John Quincy Adams is the onlyperson besides Rutherford B. Hayes who won the presidency with a worse negativepercentage of the popular vote than Donald Trump. Big loser! Sad!OK, done ranting. For today.