James Alefantis (left), owner of the pizzeria Comet Ping Pong, serves food to anemployee. Alefantis and his employees came under fire as false allegationsemerged claiming Hillary Clinton took part in a child trafficking ring at therestaurant.WASHINGTON - Days before the presidential election, James Alefantis, owner of alocal pizza restaurant called Comet Ping Pong, noticed an unusual spike in thenumber of his Instagram followers.Within hours, menacing messages like "we're on to you" began appearing in hisInstagram feed. In the ensuing days, hundreds of death threats - one read "Iwill kill you personally" - started arriving via texts, Facebook and Twitter.All of them alleged something that made Alefantis' jaw drop: that Comet PingPong was the home base of a child abuse ring led by Hillary Clinton and hercampaign chief, John Podesta.When Alefantis discovered that his employees were getting similar abusivemessages, he looked online to unravel the accusations. He found dozens ofmade-up articles about Clinton kidnapping, molesting and trafficking children inthe restaurant's back rooms. The articles appeared on Facebook and on websitessuch as The New Nationalist and The Vigilant Citizen, with one headline blaring:"Pizzagate: How 4Chan Uncovered the Sick World of Washington's Occult Elite."None of it was true. While Alefantis has some prominent Democratic friends inWashington and was a supporter of Clinton, he has never met her, does not sellor abuse children, and is not being investigated by law enforcement for any ofthese claims. He and his 40 employees had unwittingly become real people caughtin the middle of a storm of fake news."From this insane, fabricated conspiracy theory, we've come under constantassault," said Alefantis, 42, who was once in a relationship with David Brock, aprovocative former right-wing journalist who became an outspoken advocate forClinton.Alefantis suspects that relationship may have helped to make him a target."I've done nothing for days but try to clean this up and protect my staff andfriends from being terrorized," he said.Fake news online has been at the center of a furious debate for the past fewweeks over how it may have influenced voters in the presidential election.President Barack Obama warned last week that we are "in an age where there's somuch active misinformation, and it's packaged very well" on social media sites.The criticism has buffeted web companies such as Google and Facebook, whosechief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, has promised to work on technology tools toslow the gusher of false digital information.But Alefantis' experience shows it is not just politicians and internetcompanies that are grappling with the fake news fallout. He, his staff andfriends have become a new kind of private citizen bull's-eye for the purveyorsof false articles and their believers.For more than two weeks, they have struggled to deal with the abusive socialmedia comments and to protect photos of their own children, which were used inthe false articles as evidence that the pizza restaurant was running apedophilia ring. One person even visited Comet Ping Pong to investigate theallegations for himself.To combat the fake news tide, Alefantis has contacted the FBI and the localpolice, and he has asked Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and Reddit to remove thearticles. Yet the misinformation has continued to spread, growing into a theoryknown as #pizzagate that has traveled to Ireland. At one point, Comet's staffcounted five #pizza-gate Twitter posts a minute."It's like trying to shoot a swarm of bees with one gun," said Bryce Reh,Comet's general manager, whose wife asked him to leave his job because of thethreats and vulgar messages they both have received on their social mediaaccounts.Alefantis, an artist born and raised in Washington, co-founded Comet Ping Pong10 years ago as a casual spot for clay oven pizza. The restaurant haskid-friendly features like Ping-Pong tables and a craft room. Famous Washingtonnatives like members of the band Fugazi have held small shows there. The eatery,which seats 120, is a mash-up of red-and-white checkered tablecloths andmodernist murals and paintings by friends of Alefantis.Alefantis mingles with other Washington chefs and his establishment helped himto be named No. 49 in GQ magazine's 50 most powerful people in Washington in2012. His customers include some high-powered locals, such as Tony Podesta, thebrother of John Podesta, whom Alefantis knows casually. Alefantis and Brock, whois the founder of Media Matters for America, a website that tracks presscoverage critical of the Clintons and works to debunk misinformation in theconservative press, broke up five years ago.The misinformation campaign began when John Podesta's email account was hackedand his emails were published by WikiLeaks during the presidential campaign.Days before the election, users on the online message board 4Chan noticed thatone of Podesta's leaked emails contained communications with Alefantisdiscussing a fundraiser for Clinton.The 4Chan users immediately speculated about the links between Comet Ping Pongand the Democratic Party. Some posited the restaurant was part of a largerDemocratic child trafficking ring, which was a theory long held by someconservative blogs. That idea jumped to other social media services such asTwitter and Reddit, where it gained momentum on the page "The_Donald." A newReddit discussion thread called "Pizzagate" quickly attracted 20,000subscribers.Glen Caplin, a former campaign official for Clinton, did not comment directlyabout Comet Ping Pong but said, "WikiLeaks has spawned several conspiracytheories that have been independently debunked." Podesta did not respond torequests for comment.Soon, dozens of fake news articles on sites such as Face-book, Planet Free Willand Living Resistance emerged. Readers shared the stories in Saudi Arabia and onTurkish and other foreign language sites.One supporter of the Pizzagate theory shot a video from within the restaurantduring a busy dinner shift. Local police, who had parked across the street afterAlefantis filed a report about the fake news stories and threats, told the manto leave.In a statement, the District of Columbia Metropolitan Police Department said itwas monitoring the situation and is "aware of general threats being made againstthis establishment." The FBI said it "does not confirm or deny the existence ofinvestigations."The frustration has been compounded by the lack of recourse for Alefantis, hisfriends and employees. Yelp blocked the comments sections of Comet Ping Pong'sreview page after reports of abusive comments and fake news in reviews. You-Tubesaid it prohibits threats, harassment and hate speech and has tools for flaggingviolations and filing complaints for the site to take further action, but haslargely not blocked comments on these videos. Twitter declined to comment, andFacebook did not have any further comment.After employees and Alefantis complained to Reddit about how Comet Ping Pong wasbeing targeted on the site, the #pizzagate discussion thread posted a warningthat revealing personal information about individuals was prohibited."We know that we have more work to do, and we take our responsibility to addressonline abuse seriously," Reddit said in a statement.