Election People stand Day in this line month outside in New a polling Yorkstation . at Trump Place onthe Donald election Trump night supporters event at the gather New to York watchHilton early Midtown results during .The presidential election is over. Or is it?Two weeks after Election Day, Donald Trump is assembling his Cabinet while votesin many states are still being counted. Hillary Clinton's lead in the popularvote continues to grow. Michigan's 16 electoral votes remain up for grabs.And so the question: How confident can Americans be in the results announced inthe wee hours of Nov. 9, given the problems that continue to beset our electionsystem? Here are some answers:vote Q: ? Who won the electoralA: As of Monday, Trump has 290 votes to Clinton's 232, with Michiganoutstanding. Even if Clinton wins there - a possibility despite Trump's leadsince election night - she still would trail, 290-248.Among other states where the vote was close, only Florida could flip theelection. But Clinton trails there and in Pennsylvania and Wisconsin by too manyvotes to trigger an automatic recount.vote Q: ? Who won the popularA: Clinton's lead of about 1.7 million votes continues to increase, largely froman influx of absentee and provisional ballots being counted in California. Shehas about 63.7 million votes to Trump's 62 million; her margin in Californiaalone is about 3.5 million.ing Q counted : Where ? are votes still be-A: Most states have yet to report official results, meaning they are countingabsentee or mail ballots or, more likely, deciding whether to count provisionalballots. Those often are cast by voters whose names did not appear onregistration lists or who may have voted in the wrong place or lacked properidentification.long Q: ? Why does it take soA: Millions of ballots come in at the last second - or, in states that allow it,several days after the election with the proper postmarks. It takes money,manpower and accurate voting machines to get every vote counted correctly."We vastly underfund the way in which we run our elections," says MichaelMcDonald, a University of Florida associate professor who maintains a website onthe electoral system. "The bottom line is that you want to get the count right."candidates Q: How close in are key the battle two - ground states?A: Three thousand votes are all that separate Clinton and Trump in NewHampshire. The margin is about 12,000 in Michigan, 27,000 in Wisconsin, 68,000in Pennsylvania and 113,000 in Florida - close, but nothing compared with the537 votes that separated George W. Bush and Al Gore in Florida 16 years ago.recounted Q: Can ? the votes beA: Several states, including Pennsylvania and Florida, require the votedifference between the two candidates to be less than one-half of 1 percentagepoint. In Michigan, a recount is triggered automatically if the margin is lessthan 2,000 votes. None of those states is close enough atmoment.sional Q: Is and it possible absentee that voting provi re sults Election varyDay significantly ? fromA: Yes, but it's unlikely. Despite changes in voting laws in some states thatcivil rights groups claim unfairly restrict minorities, the poor and elderly,provisional votes that are accepted usually don't alter the results."The chances of changing tens of thousands of votes? That's just not going tohappen," says Hans von Spakovsky, a former Federal Election Commission member atthe conservative Heritage Foundation.California Q: What ? 's the deal inA: It's the largest state, and it has some of the most permissive votingprocedures.More than half the state's votes are cast by absentee ballot, since no excusesare necessary to avoid going to a polling place on Election Day. Provisionalballots are treated more leniently than in many other states, requiring time tocorrect mistakes that otherwise would cause votes to be rejected.official Q: When ? will the results beA: Eight states have certified their results; an additional four are due to doso Tuesday. Nearly all will complete their counts by Dec. 13, in time for themeeting Dec. 19 of the Electoral College - the 538 individuals who, usuallywithout exception, vote according to the results in each state. In some states,the final count may come even later.