President-elect Donald Trump, Vice President-elect Mike Pence and Betsy DeVospose for photographs at the Trump National Golf Club Bedminster clubhouse inBedminster, N.J. Trump has chosen charter school advocate DeVos as EducationSecretary in his administration.South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley, President-elect Donald Trump's choice forUnited Nations ambassador, has limited foreign policy experience. That's incontrast to other U.N. ambassadors who had deep roots in international affairsat the time of their nominations.WASHINGTON - President-elect Donald Trump named two prominent Republican womento Cabinet posts on Wednesday, recruiting Betsy DeVos, a prominent Republicanphilanthropist and educational activist, as education secretary and Gov. NikkiHaley of South Carolina as ambassador to the United Nations.Moving swiftly to diversify his Cabinet, Trump was also nearing an announcementof Ben Carson, the retired neurosurgeon who ran an outsider's campaign for theRepublican presidential nomination, as secretary of housing and urbandevelopment.DeVos and Haley would be the first women in Trump's Cabinet, while Carson wouldbe the first African-American.Haley is Indian-American and a rising star in Republican politics. But none ofthese choices suggest a president-elect who is reaching beyond reliablyconservative circles for his major policymakers.A major Republican fund-raiser from Michigan, DeVos, 58, is a passionatebeliever in school choice, a subject that she and Trump discussed last week whenshe met him at his golf club in Bedminster, N.J. She is a member by marriage ofthe DeVos family, the founders of Amway and one of the largest contributors tothe Michigan Republican Party."The status quo in education is not acceptable," DeVos said in a statement."Together, we can work to make transformational change that ensures everystudent in America has the opportunity to fulfill his or her highest potential."DeVos, a former finance chairwoman of the Republican National Committee, is oneof the nation's most avid proponents of school choice. That includes charterschools, which are publicly funded but typically run independent of local schoolboards and teachers' unions, and school vouchers, which give students taxdollars to apply toward private school tuition.In the three elections preceding 2016, members of her family gave nearly $9.5million to party committees and candidates. But DeVos sharply criticized Trumpand spent much of the year raising money for other Republicans on the ballot."Until we have a better reason to embrace and support the top of the ticket, andsee an agenda that is truly an opportunity agenda, then we have lots of otheroptions in which to invest and spend our time helping," she said in May.DeVos and her husband, Dick, have been the propelling force behind the rapidexpansion of charter schools in Michigan, as founders of the Great LakesEducation Project. The state has one of the most generous charter school laws inthe nation, allowing an unusually large number of colleges, universities, andschool districts to grant charters, with little state oversight.An unusually high percentage of the charters - about 80 percent - are operatedfor profit. In Detroit, which has the nation's second-highest share of studentsin charter schools, the charters have been characterized by a high churn ofstudents and teachers, as well as the companies that operate the schools. Evengroups that support charters have pushed to establish stricter oversight, butlegislation to do so failed last spring, largely because of lobbying by theDeVos' group.Lily Eskelsen Garcia, president of the National Education Association,criticized the selection in a statement emailed to reporters, saying DeVos' workover the years had "done more to undermine public education than supportstudents.""She has lobbied for failed schemes, like vouchers - which take away funding andlocal control from our public schools - to fund private schools at taxpayers'expense," Garcia said. "These schemes do nothing to help our most vulnerablestudents, while they ignore or exacerbate glaring opportunity gaps."Despite such pushback, Trump's selection of DeVos, Haley and Carson could bluntcriticism that his early picks have come from a homogeneous group of older whitemen.If she is confirmed, Haley will step down as governor and be replaced by thestate's lieutenant governor, Henry McMaster, who was an early and vocalsupporter of Trump.Carson would be the first African-American member of Trump's Cabinet - and afamiliar face to millions of Americans after a Republican primary campaign inwhich he briefly soared to the top of the polls. It was not clear whether Carsonhad accepted the offer.Haley and Carson have no particular experience relating to the posts they havebeen offered. Carson had even seemed to take himself out of the running for aCabinet position last week, with his friends putting out word that he hadconcluded that he was not qualified to run a vast federal bureaucracy.Haley supported Sen. MarcoRubioofFloridaduring the Republican primaries, and,like DeVos, was a prominent and frequent critic of Trump early in his run. Thatcriticism was thought to have kept her off Trump's list of vice-presidentialcandidates, although her name was mentioned before he chose Gov. Mike Pence ofIndiana.In recent days, Trump has begun meeting with a wider array of prospects, eitherfor advice or as potential Cabinet picks. He is also said to be consideringHarold Ford Jr., an African-American former Democratic representative fromTennessee, as transportation secretary, or for another post, though those talkshave not become serious, according to an official close to the Trump transition.Trump also met with Michelle Rhee, the former superintendent of schools inWashington, and Rep. Tulsi Gabbard, the Hawaii Democrat who is the first Hindumember of Congress.Until Wednesday, however, his appointments had consisted of five white men:Stephen K. Bannon as chief strategist in the White House, Reince Priebus aschief of staff, Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama as attorney general, Rep. MikePompeo of Kansas as director of the CIA, and Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn asnational security adviser. He is rumored to be close to naming Gen. James N.Mattis as secretary of defense.