Now that the British have voted to secede from the European Union and Americahas chosen a president who has never before held public office, the Frenchappear to be following suit.In Sunday's runoff to choose a candidate to face Marine Le Pen of the NationalFront in next spring's presidential election, the center-right Republicans choseFrancois Fillon in a landslide.While Fillon sees Margaret Thatcher as a role model in fiscal policy, he is asocially conservative Catholic who supports family values, wants to confrontIslamist extremism, control immigration, restore France's historic identity andend sanctions on Russia.As Le Pen is favored to win the first round of the presidential election andFillon the second in May, closer Paris-Putin ties seem certain. Europeansthemselves are pulling Russia back into Europe, and separating from theAmericans.Next Sunday, Italy holds a referendum on constitutional reforms backed by PrimeMinister Matteo Renzi. If the referendum, trailing in the polls, fails, saysRenzi, he will resign.Opposing Renzi is the secessionist Northern League, the Five Star Movement offormer comedian Beppe Grillo, and the Forza Italia of former Prime MinisterSilvio Berlusconi, a pal of Putin's."Up to eight of Italy's troubled banks risk failure," if Renzi's governmentfalls, says the Financial Times. One week from today, the front pages of theWestern press could be splashing the newest crisis of the EU.Meanwhile, the door to the EU appears to be closing for Muslim Turkey, as theEuropean Parliament voted to end accession talks with Ankara and its autocraticpresident, Recep Tayyip Erdogan.Not only Europe but the whole world President-elect Trump is about to inheritseems in turmoil, with old regimes and parties losing their hold, andnationalist, populist and rightist forces rising.NATO's Turkey and our Arab ally, Egypt, both ruled by repressive regimes, areless responsive to U.S. leadership.Meanwhile, North Korea, under Kim Jong Un, continues to test nuclear warheadsand missiles that can hit all of South Korea and Japan and reach all U.S. basesin East Asia and the Western Pacific.The U.S. is obligated by treaty to defend South Korea, where we still have28,500 troops, and Japan, as well as the Philippines, where new populistPresident Rodrigo Duterte, cursing the West, is pivoting toward Beijing.Putin has begun a buildup of nuclear-capable offensive and defensive missiles inKaliningrad, its enclave between Poland and Lithuania. Should we get into aconfrontation with the Russians in the Eastern Baltic, how many of our NATOallies, some now openly pro-Putin, would stand beside us?Regimes are falling. Old parties are dying, new parties rising. Old allegiancesare fraying, and old allies drifting away. The forces of nationalism andpopulism have been unleashed all over the West and all over the world. There isno going back.U.S. policy seems set in concrete by war guarantees and treaty commitments.We have great rivals and adversaries. We've fought wars in Afghanistan, Iraq,Syria, Libya and Yemen that availed us nothing.America is at a plastic moment in history.And America needs nothing so much as reflective thought about a quarter centuryof failures - and fresh thinking about the future.