President-elect Donald Trump is considering retired Marine Corps Gen. JamesMattis (right) for secretary of defense. Trump and his transition team are inthe process of filling Cabinet and other high level positions for the newadministration.BEDMINSTER, N.J. - President-elect Donald Trump said Sunday that he had "made acouple of deals" after spending the weekend meeting with a long list ofpotential administration appointees, but he did not reveal any more picks.Trump and the vice president-elect, Mike Pence, did drop some hints. Pence saidthat Mitt Romney was "under active and serious consideration" to become thenation's next secretary of state. Trump saidretiredMarineCorpsGen. James Mattiswas an "impressive" prospect for defense secretary."I think we have some really incredible people going to be working for thecountry," Trump said Sunday evening. "We really had some incredible meetings.You'll be hearing about them soon."Among the visitors to the white-pillared clubhouse Sunday were Kansas Secretaryof State Kris Kobach, billionaire investor Wilbur Ross and retired Marine Gen.John Kelly, the former commander of U.S. Southern Command.Between conversations, Trump revealed he was making plans for transitioning hisfamily. He told reporters that his wife, Melania, and their 10-year-old son,Barron, would move to Washington when the school year ends.And Trump turned to Twitter to share some of his thinking. In between criticismsof "Saturday Night Live," the hit musical "Hamilton," and Democrats, he wrotethat, "General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis, who is being considered for secretary ofdefense, was very impressive yesterday. A true General's General!"The comments were indications that Trump is looking outside his immediate circleas he works toward rounding out his foreign policy and national security teams.On Friday, he named a loyalist, retired Gen. Michael Flynn, as his nationalsecurity adviser.Romney, the former Massachusetts governor and 2012 GOP presidential contender,and Trump exchanged bitter insults during the campaign, and Mattis has not beenconsidered a Trump confidante. The appointment of more establishment figurescould offer some reassurance to lawmakers and others concerned about Trump'shard-line positions on immigration and national security and his lack of foreignpolicy experience.Trump told reporters Sunday that one of his most loyal and public allies, formerNew York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, was also a prospect for secretary of state "andother things." Giuliani at one point hadbeenconsideredforattorney general, butTrump gave that job to Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama.The businessman and president-elect also apparently was considering options tolead the Commerce Department, meeting with Ross."Time will tell," Ross told reporters when asked if he wanted a post.More meetings are on Trump's Monday schedule. His transition team said formerTexas governor and GOP presidential rival Rick Perry was expected to meet withTrump today.But even as Trump and his team discussed pressing issues facing the country andhow to staff the incoming administration, the president-elect's Twitter feedsuggested other issues too were on his mind.HistargetsSundayincluded retiring Democratic leader Harry Reid. Trump tweetedthat incoming Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer, another media-savvy NewYorker, was "far smarter" than Reid and "has the ability to get things done."