would Initial be fears poisonous that Donald to financial Trump' markets s viewson quickly such topics diminished as trade .How did Donald Trump go from a scary president-to-be in the eyes of Wall Streetto a bullish catalyst that has propelled the U.S. stock market to a series ofrecord highs in a surge investors dubbed the "Trump Rally"?Turn the clock back to late October and early November, when the Dow Jonesindustrial average tumbled seven straight sessions as investors reacted totightening polls hinting long-shot Trump had a shot at the White House. Recallelection night when the Dow plunged 900 points in after-hours futures trading asit grew clear the ex-reality star had upset Hillary Clinton.Starting the day after Trump's win, U.S. stocks did what few pundits saw coming:They started to rise in value - a trend that has continued for two weeks andthat has pushed U.S. stocks to record highs. Blue-chip stocks soared. So didlarge-company stocks in the Standard & Poor's 500, as did small-caps in theRussell 2000. Tech stocks in the Nasdaq eventually took flight, too. The rallyhas been so broad that all four stock indexes closed at record highs at the sametime last week - on three straight days - a bullish feat last seen on New Year'sEve 1999, during the tail end of the biggest bull market in history.What switched Wall Street's "like" Trump button to on? Here are some theories:IT'S THE POLICIESAs soon as Trump became president-elect and the Republicans retained control ofboth chambers of Congress, Wall Street stopped viewing Trump as a personalityand started to plug into their spreadsheets what his proposed pro-growth,"America First" policies might mean for the nation's economy and corporateearnings. When they finished calculating some preliminary numbers, they likedwhat they saw."You went from a market expecting higher taxes to now lower taxes, a marketexpecting more regulations now less regulations, a market expecting ElizabethWarren (no friend of Wall Street) as Treasury secretary and Bernie Sanders (aDemocratic presidential hopeful who wanted to tax the rich and boost governmentspending on new programs) heading the budget committee to now conservatives inthose spots," says Gary Kaltbaum, president of Kaltbaum Capital Management. "Themarket was not positioned for any of this as Clinton (was the favorite). So thebig money has to get into the market, which feeds on itself."Trump's policies are akin to a performance-enhancing drug, explains CharlesGabriel, a veteran Wall Street political forecaster and president of CapitalAlpha."It's pretty simple: Growth, with supply-side tax cuts plus a lighter regulatorytouch, after years of Obama, can be made to seem like Viagra," Gabriel says.FEARFUL SELLERS SOLD OUTBy the time the New York Stock Exchange opened for trading the day after theelection, everyone who wanted to sell had done so, paving the way for a highermarket, says David Kotok, chief investment officer at Cumberland Advisors. "Thestarting point has to be the spike down in the two weeks preceding theelection," Kotok says. "That exhausted U.S.-based sellers and energized shortsellers (or investors who bet on, and profit from, a falling market). Onelection night, the U.S. sellers were joined by the rest of the world. Panicmaximized at 900 Dow points down. So all the sellers worldwide had exited. NowTrump wins. There are no sellers left standing. Stocks have nowhere to go butup. So they do."Now that the S&P 500 is above 2200 and at record highs, investors have to goback to the basics, not just buy on the Trump momentum, Kotok says. "It is timeto return to fundamentals, Federal Reserve interest rate policy and theunfolding of the new Trump regime," Kotok says.A big fear was a contested election or a vote count resulting in no clearwinner. That didn't happen. Clarity returned, and stocks shot up, explains MarkLuschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott.TRUMP TONES DOWN HIS ACTMany cite Trump's gracious acceptance speech and positive post-election meetingwith President Obama as key turning points, raising hopes on Wall Street thatTrump could come across as presidential."Investors worried about Trump's capricious personality were comforted by hismoderate acceptance speech," says Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMOPrivate Bank. "He's ratcheted back his extreme policies and behaviors. I thinkthat's the root of today's enthusiasm."