Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn gives the thumbs-up as he arrives at Trump Toweron Thursday.NEWYORK- President-elect Donald Trump began building out his national securityteam Thursday, offering retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn the job of nationalsecurity adviser. The move came as Trump made his most direct foray into foreignpolicy since the election, meeting with Japan's prime minister.Flynn, who served as the director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, hasadvised Trump on national security issues for months. As national securityadviser, he would work in the White House and have frequent access to thepresident.The official wouldn't say whether Flynn had accepted the job. The official wasnot authorized to discuss the offer publicly and insisted on anonymity.Trump held his first face-to-face meeting with a world leader since winning thepresidential election, huddling privately with Japan's Shinzo Abe.While Trump made no comments following the private meeting, Abe said thepresident-elect was "a leader in whom I can have great confidence."Earlier Thursday, Trump consulted with former Secretary of State Henry Kissingerand sat down with South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley, a potential contender to leadthe State Department.In Washington, Vice President-elect Mike Pence huddled with Republican leadersin Congress. He then met with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and Sen. ChuckSchumer, the newly elected leader of the Senate Democrats, seeking to conveyrespect as Democrats prepare for Republican rule of both chambers and the WhiteHouse for the first time in a decade."We look forward to finding ways that we can find common ground and move thecountry forward," Pence said outside Schumer's Senate office.In a separate gesture of reconciliation with establishment Republicans, Trumpplanned to meet with 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney, wholambasted Trump as a "con man" and a "fraud" in a stinging speech last March.Trump responded by repeatedly referring to Romney as a "loser."The two began mending fences after Trump's victory when Romney called withcongratulations. They are to meet this weekend, a transition official said,speaking on condition of anonymity because he wasn't authorized to discussTrump's schedule publicly. Campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said they werestill "working on" the meeting.Trump's actions Thursday aimed to show leaders both in the U.S. and overseasthat he could soften his rhetoric, offer pragmatism in the White House andreaffirm longstanding American alliances. Since his stunning victory overHillary Clinton last week, Trump has spoken with Russian President VladimirPutin, British Prime Minister Theresa May and nearly three dozen other worldleaders by telephone. But Abe's visit to Trump's midtown Manhattan high-rise washis first in-person meeting with a foreign leader since the end of the campaign.Ron Dermer, Israel's ambassador to the United States, also visited theskyscraper and called Trump "a true friend of Israel." He specifically cited asanother "friend" Trump campaign CEO Steve Bannon, whose selection as a top WhiteHouse adviser has created a backlash among Democrats. Bannon's news website haspeddled conspiracy theories, white nationalism and anti-Semitism."We look forward to working with the Trump administration, with all the membersof the Trump administration, including Steve Ban-non, in making the U.S.-Israelalliance stronger than ever," Dermer said.Trump, a reality television star, business mogul and political newcomer, alsorolled out new teams that will interact with the State Department, Pentagon,Justice Department and other national security agencies. The move is part of thegovernment transition before Trump's Jan. 20 inauguration.One potential Cabinet member, Eva Moskowitz, said had taken herself out of therunning to become education secretary. Moskowitz, a Democrat and advocate forcharter schools, met with Trump this week, stoking speculation that she mightinject a bit of bipartisanship in the new administration.Moskowitz, who voted for Clinton, suggested there were "positive signs" thatTrump might govern differently than he campaigned, but she wrote in a letter toparents that many of her students, who are overwhelmingly black and Latino,would feel that "they are the target of the hatred that drove Trump's campaign."Conway said she expected initial announcements of Cabinet choices to come"before or right after Thanksgiving," telling reporters Trump was "loving" thetransition. Trump's transition team finally finished key paperwork clearing theway for the White House to start sharing information. Coordination had been onhold until Trump's team submitted documents including a list of transition teammembers who will coordinate with specific federal agencies, plus certificationthat they meet a code of conduct barring conflicts of interest.Trump's calendar has been packed with sit-downs.During his meeting with Kissinger, who led the State Department under PresidentsRichard Nixon and Gerald Ford, the two discussed relations with China, Russia,Iran and the European Union. Other meetings have included Haley, the daughter ofIndian-born parents,