cheer Delegates as presidential Democratic Hillary candidate Clintroduced ton isin- to speak at the July Nation 5 - Association al Education tive RepresentaAssembly - in ton Washing . -WASHINGTON After Republican Donald Trump defeated Democrat Hillary Clinton inthe Nov. 8 presidential election, the USA's teachers unions are wondering whathappened to their chosen candidate - and how so many of their members could havevoted for her opponent.Despite eager endorsements of Clinton by both unions, the nation's teachers andother school workers contributed substantially to Trump's Nov. 8 win.How substantially? About one in five American Federation of Teachers (AFT)members who cast a ballot voted for Trump, the union's leader estimated. Amongthe larger National Education Association (NEA), which comprises more than 3million members, more than one in three who voted did so for the billionairedeveloper, early data show.AFT President Randi Weingarten, whose union represents about 1.6 millionteachers and other workers, said some of the reason for Clinton's loss wastiming - and, perhaps, sexism."Frankly, I was always concerned about whether the country was ready to have afemale president," she said. "There was an intensity of hatred that malepolitical figures never get. So I think we're never really going to understandit."Most other large labor unions endorsed Clinton, including the Service EmployeesInternational Union (SEIU), the International Brotherhood of Teamsters and theAmerican Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME). Despitethe support, Clinton won union households nationwide by just eight percentagepoints, exit polls show: 51% to Trump's 43%.Clinton carried white, college-educated women, but just barely: 51% to 45%.Among white women without a college degree, Trump won resoundingly: 63% toClinton's 34%.In that sense, teachers, who at last count were about 82% white and 76% female,actually outperformed other groups when it came to their support for Clinton.Weingarten said internal figures show that Clinton earned about 80% of hermembers' votes, in spite of a "very effective" effort to disparage the formersecretary of state's character.NEA President Lily Eskelsen García, said her organization will "listen closely"as Trump lays out his education vision. "We haven't heard any specifics from theincoming administration about education policies, so we can't speculatefurther," she said.In an interview, Weingarten said she had "no regrets" about the endorsement ofClinton, adding that Democratic runner-up Sen. Bernie Sanders "was never testedor vetted by anyone."She added that Clinton "has spent her life fighting for families and children -and that's what we spend our life fighting for. Were there mistakes she made? Ofcourse. Were there mistakes we made? Of course. But she is someone who for 30years has been in the service of the public and incredibly qualified."