Ohio State head coach Urban Meyer won some write-in votes to succeed PresidentBarack Obama. The two are shown during the Buckeyes' visit to the White House.Former Democratic U.S. Sen. John Glenn of Ohio was among uncertified candidatesthat Ohio voters wrote in as their U.S. presidential picks during the generalelection as alternatives to candidates, including Hillary Clinton.COLUMBUS - An astronaut, a college football coach and possibly a realitytelevision "bad girl" are among the non-contenders that certain exasperatedOhioans voted to send to the White House in last week's election.John Glenn and Ohio State coach Urban Meyer are among uncertified candidateswritten in as alternatives to Republican Donald Trump, Democrat Hillary Clintonand the other options. Another write-in was "Megan James," perhaps referring toMehgan James of reality TV's "Bad Girls Club" and "Basketball Wives LA."Ohio Republicans to the highest levels reported going with ineligible write-incandidates.Instead of supporting Trump, Gov. John Kasich scratched in the name of Sen. JohnMcCain, the party's 2008 presidential nominee. U.S. Sen. Rob Portman registeredhis lack of support for Trump by writing in his running mate, Indiana Gov. MikePence.Statistics suggest the trend was rampant.An Associated Press analysis found more than 20,000 uncertified write-in voteswere cast in the eight of Ohio's 10 largest counties for which data isavailable. That well exceeds the roughly 16,000 combined votes cast statewidefor 18 certified presidential write-ins, as reflected in final unofficialresults.A scant 37 total write-in votes for president were cast in Ohio in 2012,according to the Secretary of State's website.Voters' ineligible presidential picks are difficult to determine. Most countiescontacted by the AP said they don't keep lists, because the uncertified write-invotes don't count and aren't required to be tallied or reported to the state.Lorain County elections clerk Dave Stambol said there's also another reason: "Wealways get the people who write in their own name so they can see themselves inthe newspaper. So we just don't go there."A sampling of names was provided by Franklin County in central Ohio. It includedGlenn, who's a Democratic former senator, as well as Meyer, James, ClevelandIndians manager Terry Francona and a host of past presidential contenders.Among them were Kasich and fellow 2016 aspirants Ben Carson, Ted Cruz, MarcoRubio, Mike Huckabee, Rick Santorum and Bernie Sanders. The GOP's 2012 nominee,Mitt Romney, U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan and Congresswoman Joyce Beatty werealso among those reported, formally and anecdotally.A social media rumor that votes were cast for Harambe, the gorilla killed by theCincinnati Zoo to protect a child that had entered his enclosure, aren'tconfirmable. The BoardofElectionsinhishome county of Hamilton declined toprovide any information on its uncertified write-ins.