New Cardinal Blase Cupich, Archbishop of Chicago, receives the redthree-cornered biretta hat at the Vatican Saturday. Pope Francis lamented howimmigrants, refugees, and those of different races or faiths are increasinglyseen as enemies.VATICANCITY -PopeFrancis warned against what he called a "virus of polarization"and hostility in the world targeting people of different nationalities, races orbeliefs as he led a ceremony Saturday giving the Roman Catholic Church 17 newcardinals from six continents.The consistory ceremony in St. Peter's Basilica formally inducted the churchmeninto the cardinals' ranks.Francis used his homily to also caution the new "princes of the church," ascardinals are sometimes called, to guard against animosity creeping into thechurch as well, saying "we are not immune from this."The pope spoke of "our pitiful hearts that tend to judge, divide, oppose andcondemn" and cautioned somberly against those who "raise walls, build barriersand label people."Earlier this year, when asked about the plan by DonaldTrump,thenaRepublican U.S.presidential candidate and now president-elect, to build a wall to keep Mexicansand others from illegally entering the U.S., the pope replied that anyoneadvocating building walls isn't a Christian.In Saturday's homily, Francis commented on how "we see, for example, how quicklythose among us with the status of the stranger, an immigrant, or a refugee,become a threat, take on the status of an enemy. An enemy because they come froma distant country, or have different customs. An enemy because of the color oftheir skin, their language, or social class."He added: "The virus of polarization and animosity permeates our way ofthinking, feeling and acting."Francis also lamented the tendency to "demonize" one's opponents, "so as to havea 'sacred' justification for dismissing them."Cardinals serve as papal advisers and elect popes' successors. Popes look tocardinals who share their approach to the church's mission in the world.Indianapolis Archbishop Joseph Tobin was among the newly made cardinals. Tobindefied the governor of Indiana, Vice President-elect Mike Pence, by welcomingSyrian refugees.Chicago Archbishop Blase Cupich, after being made a cardinal at Saturday'sceremony, said the church has a special role in trying to bring people togetheracross the political spectrum. He noted that on Sunday, Masses are celebrated in26 languages in his diocese."People feel disenfranchised" from sharing in the common good, Cupich said.Another American in the latest crop of cardinals is Irish-born Archbishop KevinFarrell, who led the Dallas diocese before Francis appointed him to head theVatican office dealing with family issues. At a post-ceremony reception, Farrellacknowledged that polarization is felt within the church, too."We've become gods on both sides - gods on the left, and gods on the right, andneither one of these are correct," Farrell said.The clash of mentalities between the conservative camps and the so-calledprogressives chosen by Francis has played out publicly in recent days. Fourprominent, disgruntled cardinals, including a U.S. prelate, Raymond Burke, whois one of Francis' most vocal critics, in a letter to the pope aired theirdoubts about his more compassionate approach to the contentious issue involvingdivorced Catholics. They fear his approach could sow confusion among thefaithful.