From buying a failed bank during the U.S. financial crisis to producing majormovies and serving as national finance chairman for Donald Trump's presidentialcampaign, Steven Mnuchin has a record of winning risky bets.Now the former Wall Street banker is poised for what could be his biggestchallenge yet: Trump's nominee for U.S. Treasury secretary.Trump is expected to officially name Mnuchin, 53, as his choice for the nation'stop financial policy job as soon as Wednesday, a source close to Trump'stransition team told USA TODAY on Tuesday. The person spoke on condition ofanonymity because officials were not authorized to speak publicly aboutselections.To associates and friends who were surprised when he accepted Trump's invitationto serve as lead campaign fundraiser after the New York presidential primary,Mnuchin offered a potentially prescient explanation."Nobody's going to be like, 'Well, why did he do this?' if I end up in theadministration," he told Bloomberg Businessweek.The news that Mnuchin is Trump's pick came as reports swirled that Trump wouldnominate billionaire Wilbur Ross, also considered a risk taker, to serve asCommerce secretary. Ross, 79, made a career out of buying ailing companies insometimes troubled sectors on the cheap, restructuring them and then sellingthem for billions of dollars. Ross, too, could be announced as early asWednesday, the source close to the transition team said.Trump has praised Mnuchin, who with the Republican National Committee helpedraise tens of millions of dollars for the billionaire businessman's campaign.However, they weren't always the best of friends.In a 2008 lawsuit, Trump targeted one of Mnuchin's companies in a lawsuit thatalleged Deutsche Bank and othersmproperly balked at extending multimilliondollar construction loans on the Trump International Hotel and Tower in Chicago.The case ultimately was settled.Mnuchin, a twice-married father of three, is a Yale graduate who followed hisfather to renowned U.S. investment bank Goldman Sachs. He spent 17 years there,amassing a fortune and becoming an executive vice president of the New YorkCity-based company before his 2003 departure.His next stop was ESL International, the hedge fund founded by Edward Lampert,one of Mnuchin's Yale roommates and another Goldman alumnus who now is the CEOand chairman of Sears Holdings. Lampert tapped him for a board seat on SearsHoldings-owned retail chain Kmart in 2003. Mnuchin left to become chiefexecutive of SFM Capital Managment, backed by financier George Soros.Mnuchin's SFM tenure was similarly brief. In 2004, he co-founded private hedgefund Dune Capital Management with Daniel Neidich, another former Goldmanexecutive. The fund invested in equities and real estate - including some Trumpprojects.The fund invested in the U.S. movie industry. Starting in 2006, Mnuchin reacheda three-year deal in which Dune Entertainment agreed to invest $500 million in20th Century Fox movies, according to media reports.The transaction launched a deeper Mnuchin dive into entertainment investmentsand co-producing that included the Holblockbusters Avatar and the X-Menfranchise, American Sniper, Gravity and The Lego Movie.In 2013, Mnuchin, filmmaker Brett Ratner and Australian businessman James Packerjoined in an entity called RatPac-Dune Entertainment that agreed to $300 millionin co-financing for as many as 75 films by Warner Bros. Pictures, according tothe movie company and media reports.The following year, Mnuchin partnered with Ryan Kavanaugh and an investmentgroup to buy debt and an equity stake in Kavanaugh's Relativity Media.Five years before taking the Relativity post, he led an investor group thatbought California-based IndyMac Bank, which collapsed during the financialcrisis.IndyMac became OneWest Bank, with Mnuchin as chairman.Mnuchin did not respond to USA TODAY interview requests. However, Trump'stransition staff provided a statement in which former OneWest chief executiveJoseph Otting said the bank "remained committed to fair lending and meeting thecredit needs of all borrowers in its communities, including those in distress."Davidson Contributing: Ray Locker and Paul