Rutherford B. Hayes lost the popular vote to Samuel J. Tilden , but it was Hayeswho became president.Benjamin Harrison had 65 more electoral votes than Grover Cleveland but .8percent fewer votes.George W. Bush and Al Gore were engaged in a weeks-long legal tussle after theirclose election fight.Donald J. Trump beat Hillary Clinton in the Electoral College but lost thepopular vote.Tia Thomas can't get past the fact that the candidate who received the mostvotes in the Nov. 8 election won't be president of the United States."It's an illusion of a democracy," said Thomas, a 32-year-old saleswoman fromDayton who voted for Democrat Hillary Clinton over Republican Donald Trump. "Wedon't have a say."When all the votes are counted, Clinton may receive as many as 2 million morevotes nationally than Trump. Yet for the second time in the last five elections,the candidate who won the popular vote was denied the presidency.In U.S. history it has happened four times, and each time a Democrat was on thelosing end in the Electoral College.While the outcome of this election won't change, the divisive presidentialcampaign has reignited an intense dispute over the future of the ElectoralCollege, a process established by the founding fathers in 1789 that turnsnational elections into more than 50 mini-contests.To critics, the Electoral College is a quaint relic that has gone the way of themusket, wooden sailing ships and voting restricted to white males.The 2000 and 2016 elections make the point, they say. In 2000, Democrat Al Gorewon 543,816 more votes nationally than Republican George W. Bush, yet Bushprevailed with 271 electoral votes after the U.S. Supreme Court settled adispute over ballots in Florida.On Nov. 8, Trump had an even bigger Electoral College victory, pulling in 290electoral votes."When we think of democracy, we think the person who won the most votes shouldwin and that's true for every other election" except president, said AlexKeyssar, a professor of history and social policy at the Kennedy School ofGovernment at Harvard University."It doesn't take a great exercise of imagination to think if it were reversed,Donald Trump would have launched the mother of all lawsuits," said Keyssar,author of the soon-to-be-released book "Why Do We Still Have the ElectoralCollege?"Some argue too that the apportionment of electors disproportionately benefitssmall states - which tend to be red states - because each state, no matter howsmall, is guaranteed three electors, one for each senator and representative.But others, like Mike Dawson, creator of the website Ohioelectionresults.com,say if the rules were changed, big states would "disproportionately decide whois president.''Abolishing the Electoral College would be "an invitation for chaos," argues OhioSecretary of State Jon Husted, a Republican. Without the Electoral College,candidates would devote most of their time to the largest states, such asCalifornia, New York, Texas, Florida, and Ohio, while ignoring smaller statessuch as Iowa and New Hampshire.They point out if the national popular vote was close, such as John F. Kennedy's112,827-vote margin over Richard Nixon in 1960, it would prompt a protractednational recount that could last weeks before a winner was declared.A n d t h ey i n s i s t t h at without an Electoral College, there might befive or more presidential candidates instead of the two nominated by theRepublicans and Democrats. In such a multi-candidate field, the winner couldemerge with as little as one-third of the popular vote."Do you want California, which may not check an ID and allow anyone to vote ...then have a more strict standard in Indiana where people check against thosekinds of things?" Husted said. "We have the longest-functioning democracy in theworld, and it has served us well."'It was a fair election'The framers settled on the Electoral College as a compromise between allowingCongress to pick the president or letting the voters decide. They opted for thestates to pick electors - either through a popular vote or by the legislatures.The electors would then select the president.The framers believed the Electoral College would lead to more nationally knownand qualified people to become president. Originally, only a handful of stateshad voters select the electors, although by the 1830s most states held popularelections to choose electors. Today, electors are essentially bound to supportthe candidate who won their state.Under the rules - long accepted by both parties - Trump emerged as thelegitimate winner. "It was a fair election," said Peter Ellis, 75, who lives inBeavercreek and voted for Trump. "It's fair according to the rules. The rulesare set up for those reasons."But critics say because Clinton won the popular vote by a healthy margin, it isdifficult to conclude Trump earned a clear mandate from the American voters. Ifanything, more Americans voted for the status quo candidate than for Trump, whowas promising sweeping changes in Washington."The only thing I say is our vote should count," said Jackie Swenson, 56, abeauty supply store manager in South Charleston who voted for Clinton. "Everyvote should count regardless."Those same critics say jettisoning the Electoral College would inject moreenthusiasm among voters across the country. Only a handful of states, includingOhio, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Virginia, Florida, and North Carolina, areconsidered competitive and candidates spend most of their time in those states.By contrast, a Democratic candidate can reliably count on winning California andNew York while Republicans know they have major advantages in winning Texas andthe deep South. As a result, there is no reason for any candidate to campaign inCalifornia."If you had a national popular vote, both parties would have a strong incentiveto maximize their turnout," Jack Rakove, a Pulitzer Prize winning professor ofhistory and political science at Stanford University. "Everybody knows publicopinion has been against the Electoral College for some time and this willreinforce that opinion."Aboli shing the Electoral College, however, is extremely unlikely. It wouldrequire Congress to approve a constitutional amendment that would have to besent to the states for their approval.Demographics changeSome argue that the country's rapidly changing demographics may lead to morestates being competitive, such as Texas."The Electoral College should move closer to the popular vote in time if wecontinue to be a more diverse country," said Rep. Mike Cur-tin, D-Marble Cliff,co-author of the Ohio Politics Almanac. "That is more desirable than trying tochange the U.S. Constitution."Jim Siegel of the ColumbusDispatch contributed to this story.