Elections officials check serial numbers on sealed ballots as the recount ofballots in the presidential election begins Thursday in Elkhorn, Wis. For thenext 12 days, officials across Wisconsin will recount nearly 3 million ballots.ELKHORN, WIS. - The basement room was cleared of pens with blue or black ink,items that could mar paper ballots. Anyone wearing a coat was told to leave itin the hallway, in case something nefarious was hidden underneath. Waterbottles, purses and keys were placed on the floor, leaving the large plastictables smooth and uncluttered.And at 9 a.m. Thursday, with the brisk rap of a county clerk's wooden gavel, thefirst recount of the 2016 presidential election was underway in Wisconsin, withanother recount to begin today in the neighboring battleground state ofMichigan.For the next 12 days, election officials across all 72 counties in Wisconsinwill work days, nights and weekends to recount nearly 3 million ballots, aneffort initiated and financed by Jill Stein, the Green Party presidentialcandidate, who has suggested that voting machines in the state could have beenhacked.Very few people expect that the recount will reverse the outcome of theelection. President-elect Donald Trump triumphed in Wisconsin over HillaryClinton by 22,177 votes, and in Michigan by 10,704 votes, a margin that a lawyerfor Clinton, Marc Elias, said had never been overcome in a recount. Legalchallenges to the vote in Pennsylvania, where Trump leads by 70,638 votes, arealso underway.As Wisconsin was beginning to take another look at its votes, the efforts inMichigan and Pennsylvania remained in flux.An official in the Michigan secretary of state's office said in a Twitter postthat its elections bureau had been notified that an objection to the recountwould probably be filed, without specifying whether the challenge would comefrom Trump. Republicans in Michigan have voiced concern that the process willcost local governments millions of dollars.In Pennsylvania, where Stein's efforts have more hurdles, election officials inPhiladelphia said Thursday that, pending litigation, they would begin recountingvotes in 75 precincts today, a small portion of the nearly 1,700 in the city.The elections commission, though, denied a request for a full forensic audit ofthe city's voting machines.In Elkhorn, a city of about 10,000 people in Walworth County in southernWisconsin, the recount began in a government building downtown. Workers areexpecting to count ballots for close to 12 hours a day until the task iscomplete - their deadline is Dec. 12. The Electoral College will vote Dec. 19.