NEWYORK - President-elect Donald Trump retreated on Tuesday from some of hismost extreme campaign promises, dropping his vow to jail Hillary Clinton,expressing doubt about the value of torturing terrorism suspects and pledging tohave an open mind about climate change.But in a wide-ranging, hourlong interview with reporters and editors at The NewYork Times - which was scheduled, canceled and then reinstated after a disputeover the ground rules - Trump was fiercely unapologetic about repeatedlyflouting the traditional ethical and political conventions that have long shapedthe American presidency.He said he had no obligation to establish boundaries between his business empireand his White House, conceding that the Trump brand "is certainly a hotter brandthan it was before." He defended Stephen K. Bannon, his chief strategist,against charges of racism, calling him a "decent guy." And he savagedRepublicans who had failed to support him in his unorthodox White House bid.After stoking cries of "Lock her up!" at campaign rallies by vowing to prosecuteClinton, Trump expressed empathy toward his former rival. He said he has nointerest in pressing for Clinton's prosecution over her use of a private emailserver or for potential financial misdealings by the Clinton Foundation."I want to move forward," he said. "I don't want to move back. I don't want tohurt the Clintons, I really don't."Some conservatives who have pushed for a prosecution may resist Trump's changeof heart. If Trump's appointees do not follow through on his pledge toinvestigate Clinton for what he claimed were criminal violations, "it would be abetrayal of his promise to the American people to 'drain the swamp' ofout-of-control corruption in Washington," said the group Judicial Watch.T r u m p i n t h e i n te r-view also suggested he has changed his mind aboutthe usefulness of waterboarding and other forms of torture after talking withJames N. Mattis, a retired Marine Corps general who headed the U.S. CentralCommand."He said, 'I've never found it to be useful,' " Trump said. He added that Mattisfound more value in building trust and rewarding cooperation by terror suspects:" 'Give me a pack of cigarettes and a couple of beers and I'll do better.' " Headded: "I was very impressed by that answer."On climate change, he refused to repeat his promise to abandon the internationalclimate accord reached last year in Paris, saying, "I'm looking at it veryclosely." But he said, "I have an open mind to it" and that clean air and"crystal clear water" were vitally important.He held out assurances that he did not intend to embrace extremist positions insome areas. He vigorously denounced a white nationalist conference in Washingtonover the weekend where attendees, hailing his election, gave the Nazi salute,criticized Jews and spoke some words in German.Asked about his antagonism with the media and his vow to rethink libel laws, hetold the group, which included Times Publisher Arthur O. Sulzberger Jr., "Ithink you'll be happy."But pressed to respond to criticism in other areas, he was defiant. He declaredthat "the law's totally on my side" when it comes to questions about conflict ofinterest and ethics laws."The president can't have a conflict of interest," he said.Trump said it would be extremely difficult to sell off his businesses becausethey are real estate holdings. He said that he would "like to do something" toaddress ethics concerns, and he noted that he had turned over the management ofthe businesses to his children.But he insisted that he could still have business partners into the White Housefor grip-and-grin photographs. He said that critics were pressuring him to gobeyond what he was willing to do, including distancing himself from his childrenwhile they run his businesses. "If it were up to some people," he said, "I wouldnever, ever see my daughter Ivanka again."Trump rejected the idea that he was bound by federal anti-nepotism laws againstinstalling his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, in a White House job. But he said hewould want to avoid the appearance of a conflict, and might instead seek to makeKushner a special envoy charged with brokering peace in the Middle East. "Thepresident of the United States is allowed to have whatever conflicts he or shewants, but I don't want to do that," Trump said. But he said that Kushner, whois an observant Jew, "could be very helpful" in reconciling the long-standingdispute between the Israelis and the Palestinians.