You know what drives me bonkers? It's the way our politicos so quickly andvehemently change their minds about whether another elected official is a prettygood guy or just plain old scum.Take the case of U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, who met Tuesday withPresident-elect Donald Trump at Trump's digs in his Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue- which, by the way, sits right next door to Tiffany's.I'll bet the Tiffany's folks are just tickled pink about that arrangement,right? I doubt if the protesters out front who want to egg Trump are walkinginto Tiffany's and buying a lot of high-dollar jewelry. Nothing like an angrymob out front of the store to drum up business, right?Anyway, during Trump's presidential campaign, he and Cruz hated each other'sguts. Cruz called Trump a "pathological liar" and refused to endorse theTrumpster for president.Meanwhile, Trump called Cruz, "Lyin' Ted."Trump's big on the lying label, isn't he? He couldn't go a day without callingHillary Clinton a liar. Until, of course, he won the election. And now he'sdecided she's Mother Teresa reincarnate, just a wonderful public servant.Aha, but wait! Suddenly, there's been another change of heart here. Trump andCruz are the best of pals. It must be so, since word is that Cruz might even bein line for a Supreme Court seat. And Cruz has decided Trump isn't such a jerkafter all."I'm eager to work with the new president in whatever capacity I can have thegreatest impact, defending the principles of freedom, defending theConstitution," Cruz said.This is despite that, not so long ago, Cruz had wanted to take Trump out backand give him a noogie.So what's going on here with these suits? Do our politicians think we voters arejust plain stupid or just not paying attention? Don't they realize we noticethese little discrepancies?Then again, maybe they figure the public has so little faith in our electedrepresentatives that another line of garbage is par for the course. Maybethey're right.Cruz and Trump aren't the only ones playing this bait-and-switch game. Takeformer Gov. Rick Perry, who used to think that Trump would make a fittingcandidate for president of the Bandidos. Or something on that level.Not that I have anything against the Bandidos. At least when the Bandidos tellyou they're going to kick your butt, they're likely to stick to that position.You can't say that about Gov. Goodhair, though. He's all over the map when itcomes to his position on Trump.Back in July 2015, Perry said our Groper in Chief was "a barking carnival act"who was "appealing to the worst instincts in the human condition."But as soon as it became apparent that Trump might be headed for the WhiteHouse, Perry's opinion of the Donald changed considerably. No longer was Trump asnake oil salesman for P.T. Barnum. Instead, Perry took to campaigning forTrump.Just between you and me: I think Perry wants Trump to give him a job. Good idea.Trump should make him Secretary of Hair.In a way, this bait-and-switch business provides a ray of hope, doesn't it?Perhaps it means these people are willing to get along, meaning they might beable to work together and actually get some business done.You know, like drum up some jobs for people who need them.At least I hope so, though I wouldn't bet the house on that happening.It would be nice to know what these big shots honestly think of each other,though, wouldn't it?Are they just trolling for work and power? Or have they really developed a warmspot in their hearts for each other?Maybe we should make them all take a lie detector test to find out. Then again,something tells me that Cruz would still like to see Trump put in stocks andthat Perry still thinks Trump is selling us snake oil.Unless, of course, a high-powered White House position suddenly came open.Then it becomes Valentine's Day all over again.