One positive outcome of the 2016 presidential election is that the UtahLegislature will have one less bill to consider during its 45-day sessionstarting in January.That means fewer debates, fewer committee hearings, fewer opportunities forlegislators to bluster and ccc best of all ccc fewer lobbyists.It's settled.The way the election turned out, there now will be no bill introduced to haveUtah join the National Popular Vote Interstate Compact.The NPVIC is a concept that started about 10 years ago and now has 10 states onboard, along with the District of Columbia.Those NPVIC members ccc Maryland, New Jersey, Illinois, Hawaii, Washington,Massachusetts, Vermont, California, Rhode Island, New York and Washington, D.C.ccc have all passed legislation committing them to the compact, which doesn'tbecome effective until enough states have joined to represent 270 electoralvotes, the number needed to win the presidency in the Electoral College.The commitment is that the members pledge all their electoral votes to thecandidate who wins the popular vote.The argument against the Electoral College vote determining the president hasgone on for nearly two centuries and it has ramped up every time the winnerpopular vote did not get the presidency.It has happened five times: In 1824, Andrew Jackson won the popular vote butreceived less than half of the electoral votes. He lost out to John QuincyAdams.A few decades later, in 1876, Democrat Samuel Tilden won the popular vote butlost the election by one electoral vote to Republican Rutherford B. Hayes. In1888, Democrat Grover Cleveland also clinched the most popular votes in thecountry but lost to Republican Benjamin Harrison in the electoral college,233-168.In 2000, Democrat Al Gore won the popular vote but lost the electoral vote toRepublican George W. Bush in a race so close it was decided by the U.S. SupremeCourt.And it has happened again. Democrat Hillary Clinton won the popular vote but,because of the electoral vote, Republican Donald Trump is the president-elect.Here are some ramifications of the Electoral College winner trumping the popularvote winner.Adams was an unpopular president and lost to Jackson in a rematch four yearslater. Hayes was also a one-term president who, because of a back room dealbetween the Democrats and Republicans to end the contention and award theRepublican the presidency, the Democrats got their way in the South and gave usJim Crow for the next 80 years. Harrison was defeated by Cleveland in a rematchfour years later. Bush won re-election in 2004, but left office with anextremely low approval rating after years of war in Iraq and an economy in adeep recession.Perhaps because in all the elections in which the electoral vote trumped thepopular vote the Democrat was on the losing end, only states controlled byDemocrats have signed on to the NPVIC.But Utah was poised to become the first Republican state to join the compactuntil the election happened. And that changed everything.Rep. Steve Eliason, R-Sandy, was preparing a bill to have Utah join the compact.Sen. Howard Stephenson, R-Draper, was looking to do the same thing in theSenate. Sen. Curt Bramble, R-Provo, who just completed a term as president ofthe National Conference of State Legislatures, was going to be the Senatesponsor of Eliason's bill.The argument was that if the president was elected by popular vote and theElectoral College no longer mattered, Utah as well as other non-swing stateswould become a player in national elections because every vote would count.But if the NPVIC had been in place this year, Utah would have been compelled togive its six electoral votes to Hillary Clinton.How would that have gone over?Checking in with sources the last few days, I've learned that the NPVIC is deadon arrival in the Beehive State.Better luck next time.