WASHINGTON -- Struggling to respond to Donald J. Trump's victory, a group ofshellshocked Democrats moved swiftly to endorse Representative Keith Ellison ofMinnesota for chairman of the Democratic National Committee, hoping that hewould be a fresh face for a party with a depleted bench.But after steadily adding endorsements from leading Democrats in his bid to takeover the party, Mr. Ellison is encountering resistance from a formidable corner:the White House.In a sign of the discord gripping the party, President Obama's loyalists, uneasywith the progressive Mr. Ellison, have begun casting about for an alternative,according to multiple Democratic officials close to the president.The battle pits the titans of the Democratic Party against one another, with Mr.Obama's camp at odds with figures like Chuck Schumer, the new Senate Democraticleader, and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts.Mr. Obama's advisers, some of whom discussed the party leadership race at aWhite House meeting last week, have talked about whether Labor Secretary ThomasE. Perez and former Gov. Jennifer Granholm of Michigan would be willing to runfor the post. Mr. Perez met with Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. last weekand had lunch Tuesday in the White House Mess with Valerie Jarrett, Mr. Obama'ssenior adviser, while also visiting with David Simas, Mr. Obama's politicaldirector.Some in Mr. Obama's circle were even holding out hope that Mr. Biden himselfcould be persuaded to step into the chairmanship as a unifying force for a partyreeling after losing the presidency and making scant gains in the House andSenate.But Mr. Biden's office said Tuesday that he was ''not interested in being D.N.C.chair,'' though he plans to ''remain deeply involved in helping shape thedirection of the Democratic Party moving forward.''The tumultuous tenure of Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz, who was forcedout as party leader in July, convinced a wide range of Democrats that whoevertakes over the committee must make it their sole focus.''There's too much at stake for us not to have somebody working in a full-timecapacity,'' said Michael Blake, a New York assemblyman and veteran of both ofMr. Obama's campaigns, who is considering a D.N.C. vice chairmanship. ''This hasto be your priority.''But there are other reasons for the discomfort with Mr. Ellison that illustratelingering divisions after a bruising presidential primary fight and a generalelection in which Hillary Clinton suffered deep losses among working-classwhites and could not match Mr. Obama's support among young and nonwhite voters.Some Democrats, in Mr. Obama's orbit and beyond, say that elevating Mr. Ellisonwould amount to handing the party to Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, Mrs.Clinton's primary race opponent, and his liberal followers.Mr. Ellison was a high-profile backer of Mr. Sanders's presidential campaign,and Mr. Sanders has been rallying support for Mr. Ellison's D.N.C. bid. Alreadya polarizing figure among Democrats, he ignited new controversy this week bysaying the party needed to ''go beyond identity politics.''''It's not good enough for someone to say: 'I'm a woman! Vote for me!''' Mr.Sanders told students in Boston on Sunday, a comment widely seen as a criticismof Mrs. Clinton. ''No, that's not good enough. What we need is a woman who hasthe guts to stand up to Wall Street, to the insurance companies, to the drugcompanies, to the fossil fuel industry.''This call for an economic-centered brand of liberalism is what galvanized somany of his supporters, but his blunt language also served to remind someDemocrats of the divisive primary race. There is little appetite for a replay ofthat fight in the D.N.C. race, which will be decided by members of the committeewhen they gather in February for their winter meeting.Some top Democrats had hoped to pre-empt a contest by backing Mr. Ellison's bid.Mr. Schumer, Ms. Warren and an array of House members and unions were lining upbehind him even before he formally entered the race.But along with his inability to do the job full time and his links to Mr.Sanders, Mr. Ellison's past criticism of Mr. Obama and praise for LouisFarrakhan, the Nation of Islam leader, worry some Democrats looking for a figureto lead the opposition to Mr. Trump.Mr. Ellison, a Muslim, defended Mr. Farrakhan in the 1990s, saying he was ''notan anti-Semite,'' and has positioned himself on the left flank of congressionalDemocrats on Israel.Jonathan Greenblatt, the head of the Anti-Defamation League, called Mr. Ellison''an important ally in the fight against anti-Semitism'' but said he had takenpositions on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict ''on which we strongly differ andthat concern us.''''We hope that all candidates for this post will make clear where they stand onthese issues, and that the Democratic National Committee will make a choice thataffirms the longstanding bipartisan consensus on a strong U.S.-Israelrelationship,'' he said.Aides to Mr. Ellison were going to make him available for a telephone interview,but then declined when informed that he would be asked about his past commentson Mr. Farrakhan. They emailed a list of his links to the Jewish community and astatement that said, ''Democrats need an organizer who will energize thegrass-roots across this country to build the party from the bottom up.''A handful of state Democratic leaders have entered or are considering enteringthe race, and Howard Dean, the former Vermont governor and D.N.C. chairman, hasalso expressed interest.But it is Mr. Perez, a son of Dominican immigrants, whom many prominentDemocrats would like to see enter the race, and who appears most willing toconsider it.The A.F.L.-C.I.O. has been considering an endorsement of Mr. Ellison but delayedits decision, in part because organized labor has a good relationship with Mr.Perez. Mr. Perez called Richard L. Trumka, the president of the A.F.L.-C.I.O.,to tell him he was seriously considering a run and to ask him to hold off on anendorsement, according to three Democratic officials familiar with theconversation.A spokesman for Mr. Obama declined to comment on the race and said theadministration was neutral. But many in the president's sphere think highly ofMr. Perez and Ms. Granholm.''He's very connected to the experience of everyday working-class people, and hehas a connection to immigrant communities, as well,'' David Axelrod, Mr. Obama'slongtime strategist, said of Mr. Perez, who is also mulling a run for governorin Maryland in 2018. ''He comes to this with a lot of assets if he were to stepforward.''Mr. Perez and Mrs. Granholm, who both declined to discuss whether they intendedto run, were early supporters of Mrs. Clinton's campaign, which could turn theD.N.C. race into the Clinton-versus-Sanders proxy war some Democrats want toavoid.Get politics news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the Morning Briefingnewsletter.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/22/us/politics/democrats-leadership-fight-pits-west-wing-against-left-wing.html