The Green Party is dropping its court case seeking a statewide recount ofPennsylvania's Nov. 8 presidential election. It had wanted to explore whethervoting machines and systems had been hacked and the election result manipulated.The decision came Saturday, two days before a court hearing in the case. Lawyersfor the Green Party-backed voters who filed the case say they can't afford the$1 million bond ordered by the court by 5 p.m. Monday. However, GreenParty-backed efforts to analyze election software in scattered precincts arecontinuing. Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein has spearheaded arecount effort in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, states where RepublicanDonald Trump won narrowly over Democrat Hillary Clinton. Trump and thePennsylvania GOP had opposed the recount.TEXAS1 killed, 7 hurt in bus, semitrailer crashA woman was killed and seven other people were injured when a semitrailercrashed into a bus carrying a group of West Texas high school cheerleaders,authorities said Saturday. The small activity bus, which was carrying sixcheerleaders and two cheerleader sponsors, was headed home Friday night after afootball game in Colorado City, Texas, when it was hit on Interstate 20 near BigSpring, said Iraan-Sheffield School District Superintendent Kevin Allen.The semitractor-trailer, traveling eastbound on I-20, lost control trying toavoid hitting a car that had slammed its brakes, said Texas Department of PublicSafety Sgt. Oscar Villarreal. The semitrailer then veered across the centermedian and entered the westbound lanes of I-20, hitting the bus.CONNECTICUTNavy christens USS Colorado submarineAnnie Mabus, daughter of Navy Secretary Ray Mabus, smashed a bottle of sparklingwine from a Denver vineyard against the Navy's newest attack submarine Saturday,christening it the USS Colorado as the vessel joined a fleet expected to numbermore than 300 ships by 2019. The 377-foot-long Colorado is the 15th in theVirginia class of attack submarines, each costing $2.7 billion. The vessels areequipped to carry out warfare against submarines and surface ships, as well asconduct surveillance and deliver Special Operations troops. Annie Mabus joinedher father and others for the ceremony at the Electric Boat shipyard in Groton,Conn. The bottle of Balistreri Vineyards wine had been chilled before theceremony in a bucket of water from the Colorado River.INDIAPolice investigating rape accusationPolice in India's capital are investigating an American woman's accusation thata group of men raped her this year in a five-star hotel where she was staying inIndia, officials said Saturday. Several widely reported sexual assaults in Indiain recent years have increased public concerns about the safety of women in thecountry. The Delhi police Tuesday opened a preliminary investigation into acomplaint they received from a nongovernmental organization based in the UnitedStates on behalf of the woman, an American in her mid-30s. Dependera Pathak, aspokesman for Delhi police said police were trying to contact her. It wasunclear why the complaint had not been filed until now. There have been severalassaults on foreign tourists in India in recent years. Among those cases, fivemen were sentenced to life in prison in June after being convicted of the gangrape of a Danish woman who was attacked in 2014 near a railway station in NewDelhi, not far from where the U.S. woman was staying. In July, two men werearrested in connection with the rape of an Israeli tourist in the hill town ofManali in Himachal Pradesh state.TEXASKeys tied to Thomas Edison are auctionedKeys to the New Jersey lab where Thomas Edison invented the phonograph and someof the lightbulbs that he perfected sold for more than $60,000 at auction inDallas on Saturday. The items were acquired by Charlie Knudsen, 69, ofPittsburgh, and had belonged to his great-aunt. She was married to one of theattorneys whose law firm represented Edison in patent lawsuits. Edison hadapplied for about 400 patents, including improvements to the incandescent bulb,before he left for New York City in 1882, said Kathleen Carlucci, director ofthe Thomas Edison Center in New Jersey.OHIOOldest zoo gorilla has surgical biopsyThe oldest known gorilla living in a zoo is doing well after a surgical biopsyahead of her 60th birthday on Dec. 22, the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium saidSaturday. The zoo said veterinarians successfully removed a mass under thegorilla's arm that recently started causing her discomfort. The zoo also tooktissue samples from the gorilla, a female named Colo, to determine the cause andpossible treatment. She also got a thorough medical check-up. Colo, who hassurpassed the usual gorilla life expectancy by two decades, will remainoff-exhibit while she recovers.