If you want to be governor and you don't have the early backing of the partymachines, it might help to be the civilian alter ego of Captain America, whichhappens to be the case for the aptly named Steve Rogers.Nutley Commissioner Rogers wants to run for governor of New Jersey and is nowsizing up the terrain  in advance of an announcement in the coming weeks. Amilitary man who served his country in naval intelligence and a cop who workedfor the Donald J. Trump presidential campaign as a security expert, theRepublican told PolitickerNJ that he thinks the timing is right in the wake ofTrump's unconventional national victory earlier this month. He also seesproblems in the state that he believes to be uniquely qualified to solve."I want to help New Jersey's city's," said Rogers, who was first elected tolocal office in 2012 and reelected this year. "The key to turning the statearound is to bring economic development and jobs to our cities." If electedgovernor, Rogers - who serves as commander of Nutley's detective bureau - saidhe would take a no-nonsense attitude into removing the red tape bureaucraciesthat have put New Jersey's urban economy in a stranglehold.Tapinto first had the story about the incipient statewide candidacy of Rogers,who earlier this week reached out to all of the county Republican Party chairsin the state to express to them his interest in sitting down to discuss hisplans.Rogers would be the only candidate in the contest - in either party - withsignificant military experience.His bio on his town's website reads like a modern day retelling of Homer'sOdyssey adventure. He served in the Air Force during the Vietnam War era, thenworked as a police officer in East Orange. In 1976, he joined the Nutley PD.Here's more:Commissioner Rogers enlisted in the U.S. Navy Reserves in 1981 - and studiedU.S. military intelligence and other national security subjects at many schoolsincluding the U.S. Naval War College Newport, R.I.  In the mid 1980's he wasassigned to brief U.S. military personnel on military matters related to theSoviet Union and other nations hostile to the United States.Soon after the terrorist's attacks on the United States on September 11, 2001,Commissioner Rogers was recalled to active duty and assigned to the U.S. NavyOffice of Naval Intelligence in Norfolk, Virginia. He was promoted to the rankof Lt. Commander and assigned to the U.S. Northern Command as a Senior NavalIntelligence Officer for the FBI National Joint Terrorism Task Force inWashington D.C.A buttoned up naval officer who wants to run a substantive statewide campaignfor governor, Rogers told PolitickerNJ, "You will never hear me say anythingnegative about another candidate. I will criticize people's policies, but thempersonally."So far, Assemblyman Jack Ciattarelli (R-Hillsborugh) and Ocean Countybusinessman Joe Rullo are the only formally declared Republican candidates inthe 2017 governor's contest in New Jersey. Lieutenant Governor Kim Guadagno isexpected to announce soon. Comedian Joe Piscopo has also expressed interest inrunning.On the Democratic side, former U.S. Ambassador to Germany Phil Murphy,Assemblyman John Wisniewski (D-Sayreville), and former Clinton Undersecretary ofthe Treasury Jim Johnson have all declared. Tom Byrne, son of former GovernorBrendan Byrne, is mulling. So is state Senator Ray Lesniak (D-Elizabeth).The Green Party is putting up the Rev. Seth Kaper-Dale of Highland Park.