Allegheny County plans to recanvass electronic voting machines used in 52 of its1,322 precincts in response to requests filed Monday for a recount of theresults in the presidential and U.S. Senate races.The process, which will start at 10 a.m. Monday, will compare election-nightresult tapes against totals on the voting machines' memory cards.The recanvassing is part of a broader effort by Green Party presidentialcandidate Jill Stein to recount votes in Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin ""though, as it stands, the effort isn't as broad as she had hoped.A spokesman for Stein said Tuesday that 780 voters requested recounts in 260precincts across Pennsylvania. The state has 9,163 precincts.Spokesman Sam Scarrow said Stein's recount campaign "expects the true number ofelection districts in which recount petitions have been filed to be higher,"noting that the number it cited included voters who signed up on Stein's websiteto submit recount requests but not ones who might have submitted requestsindependently.To request a recount of results in a voting precinct, at least three voters fromthat precinct must file a notarized affidavit in their county.Stein and her supporters launched an aggressive online campaign over the weekendto encourage Pennsylvania voters to request recounts, but the effort got off theground too late in many counties. The Pennsylvania Department of State haddetermined as of Monday afternoon that at least 40 counties already hadcertified their results, dashing recount hopes.In addition to Allegheny County, recounts will occur in precincts in Berks,Bucks, Centre, Montgomery and Philadelphia counties, Scarrow said.In Allegheny County, Democrat Hillary Clinton defeated Republican Donald Trumpin all of the precincts included in the recanvassing. They included 33 precinctsin Pittsburgh, seven in Mt. Lebanon, two in Edgewood and one each in Aspinwall,Bellevue, Ben Avon, Bethel Park, Castle Shannon, Dormont, Ohio Township, Pine,Swissvale and Whitehall.Clinton's margin of victory was fewer than 100 votes in only two precincts ""Pittsburgh Ward 14 District 17 (85 votes) and Mt. Lebanon Ward 5 District 6 (87votes). In each case, however, the gap between Clinton and Trump was at least 10percentage points.Statewide, recounts automatically are triggered when the margin of victory is0.5 percent or less.Stein told the Tribune-Review on Monday that she did not launch her recounteffort "to change the outcome of the election," but rather to "challenge thevalidity of the electoral process" and, with regard to Pennsylvania, to raiseconcerns about the security and lack of a paper trail for every ballot cast inPennsylvania. Fifty of Pennsylvania's 67 counties, including Allegheny County,rely solely on electronic voting machines that do not produce a paper record ofeach ballot cast. Stein called the machines "hack-friendly," though she did nothave proof of voting irregularities or tampering in Pennsylvania.Tom Fontaine is a Tribune-Review staff writer. Reach him at 412-320-7847 ortfontaine@tribweb.com