I oppose the recount.There are, to my mind, only two reasons to re-examine ballots in a presidentialcampaign, as Green Party candidate Jill Stein has raised money to do. The firstis in the event of error or fraud, but there is no evidence thereof in the 2016election, as Stein herself has admitted.The second is in the event the margin of victory is especially slim. And yes, inthe three states where Stein is pushing for a recount - Wisconsin, Michigan andPennsylvania - the margins are indeed thin, particularly in Michigan, whichHillary Clinton lost by just 11,612 votes.But in a case like that, a recount must begin immediately - and preferablyautomatically - to be seen as credible. A recount three weeks after the factsmacks of dirty tricks. Indeed, if results in any of the states in question wereoverturned, Donald Trump's supporters would suspect malfeasance - and bejustified in doing so.Don't misunderstand: I remain unalterably convinced that the new president is anawful person and that America made a generations-defining mistake in choosinghim. But that does not give us license to casually undermine the integrity ofthe election.Besides, Trump is doing a fine job of that without Stein's help.You'd think, what with recruiting the political equivalents of Darth Vader andVictor Von Doom for his Cabinet and presumably ordering a new Oval Office rugwith a giant golden "T" in the center, he'd be too busy for such things, butyou'd be wrong. On Monday, Trump tweeted, "I won the popular vote if you deductthe millions of people who voted illegally."It was hardly the first time he didn't know what the hell he was talking about.Not only is there zero evidence this massive fraud happened, but simple logicsays that it could not. To be here illegally is to live off the grid, to be paidin cash, avoid interactions with police, steer clear of City Hall. Why would onesuch person - let alone millions - jeopardize the security of anonymity to casta fraudulent vote?It's an idiotic idea. News organizations dutifully dubbed it "baseless," toopolite to say that his claim contained enough steer manure to fertilize CentralPark.And at this point, anyone who ever believed in an ideal called America should beunnerved.A democracy is, in many ways, a fragile thing. As Thomas Jefferson wrote, itdepends upon the "consent of the governed" - meaning not our support of everyaction a government takes, but rather, our willingness to believe in itsintegrity. It is from this that democratic government derives its power.In a nation of 320 million people who share no one ancestry, culture or faith,it is also connective tissue. The idea that my vote matters no more - or less -than yours is the tie that binds an Inuit in Bethel, Alaska, to a Haitianrefugee in Miami to an Irish Catholic in Boston to a Mexican-American in SanDiego to a Muslim in Kansas City. It is the thing that makes us Americans.And it's the thing Trump burned down in his scorched-earth appeal to bigotry andresentment. Now, here comes Stein in a desperate bid to deny the electorate itsappalling choice. Avatars of a demoralized left and a hateful right, they arealike in at least one respect: their apparent willingness to damage what theypurport to love.So we find ourselves at a no-win crossroads. Trump's victory is a terriblething.Stealing it would be even worse.