WASHINGTON >> Steven Terner Mnuchin, a financier with deep roots on Wall Streetand in Hollywood but no government experience, is expected to be named Donald J.Trump's Treasury secretary as soon as today, sources close to the transitionsay.On Tuesday, Trump named Elaine Chao, someone with previous government experienceand a husband who's Republican leader in the Senate, as his choice to be thenext secretary of transportation.Mnuchin, 53, was the national finance chairman for Trump's campaign. He beganhis career at Goldman Sachs, where he became a partner, before creating his ownhedge fund, moving to the West Coast and entering the first rank of movie financiers bybankrolling hits like the "X-Men" franchise and "Avatar."As Treasury secretary, Mnuchin would play an important role in shaping theadministration's economic policies, including a package of promised tax cuts,increased spending on infrastructure and changes in the terms of foreign trade.He could also help lead any effort to roll back President Barack Obama's nucleardeal with Iran and opening to Cuba by reimposing sanctions on Tehran and Havana.His selection fits uneasily with much of Trump's campaign rhetoric attacking thefinancial industry. Trump, in a campaign ad intended as a closing argument,portrayed the chief executive of Goldman Sachs as the personification of aglobal elite that the ad said had "robbed our working class."But Mnuchin has said that he agrees with Trump's priorities, and he was an earlysupporter of a candidate who clearly prizes loyalty.When Trump won New York's Republican presidential primary in April, Mnuchinattended the victory party. The next day, he accepted Trump's invitation tobecome the campaign's national finance director.Chao, nominated for transportation secretary, is an immigrant and a fixture ofthe Republican establishment for two decades. She is a savvy and professionalpractitioner of the capital's inside game.Chao's selection signaled Trump's understanding of the need to surround himselfwith people who can help him accomplish the most ambitious parts of his agenda,even if they come from the political establishment he has so often scorned.His transportation secretary is likely to be one of the more essential players.Trump, a real estate magnate, has said that infrastructure redevelopment will bea priority of his first 100 days in office. And Chao has experience -politically and personally - in navigating the competing centers of power in thecapital. She is married to Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., the majority leader.This will be her second time serving in a White House Cabinet if she isconfirmed. As secretary of labor under President George W. Bush, she was theonly official in his administration to serve all eight years.Return of RomneyThe president-elect summoned a former foe, former Massachusetts Gov. MittRomney, for dinner Tuesday night to discuss the secretary of state job for asecond time.Trump also met with Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker, chairman of the Senate ForeignRelations Committee, having met with former CIA director David Petraeus the daybefore.The New York Times and Associated Press contributed to this report.