Los Angeles Times: On the Trans-Pacific PartnershipAt a weekend economic summit in Peru, leaders of Pacific Rim nations in Asia andthe Americas made clear their support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership - withor without the United States. But some also said they may throw in with acompeting approach to free trade: the Regional Comprehensive EconomicPartnership, a trading bloc being assembled by the People's Republic of China.Their statements underscore the geopolitical risks that the United States willtake if it does not embrace the deal it helped negotiate with 11 other Pacificnations.The TPP was always going to be a tough sell in Congress, as a growing number ofRepublicans have joined most Democrats in questioning the value of free-tradedeals. But the pact became radioactive during the presidential campaign, asleading candidates from both major parties denounced it as a threat to Americanjobs and sovereignty. President-elect Donald J. Trump said Monday that he wouldissue a notice of intent to withdraw the United States from as-yet unratifiedTPP on his first day in office, and later seek bilateral trade deals with someof its participants.The concerns about lost jobs and decreased U.S. flexibility are valid, yet theright answer isn't to pretend that globalization isn't happening. It's to pushglobal competition in a direction that works for this country as well as itstrading partners, while doing more to help American workers adapt to the newreality. That process starts with deals such as the TPP, which requires othernations to live by labor, environmental and intellectual property regulationsmore like ours.The free-trade pact China is pushing, though, doesn't include such standards,and its adoption would encourage a multinational race to the bottom for wage andhour laws, emissions limits and other rules for commerce, making it even harderfor U.S. workers to compete.But there may be a way forward for Trump, despite his oft-stated opposition tothe pact as a "bad deal. Leaders of several TPP nations have indicated awillingness to tweak the TPP - the kind of renegotiation he has said he wants,although the changes ultimately may just be cosmetic. Rather than simplywithdrawing from the pact, he should accept that invitation.The Wall Street Journal: The Trump OrganizationOne reason 60 million voters elected Donald Trump is because he promised tochange Washington's culture of self-dealing, and if he wants to succeed he'sgoing to have to make a sacrifice and lead by example. Trump has so farindicated that he will keep his business empire but turn over management to hischildren, and therein lies political danger.Trump has for decades run the Trump Organization, and during the campaign saidif he won the Presidency he'd turn over the keys to Donald Jr., Eric and Ivanka,all of whom are now serving on the Trump transition. A company spokesperson saysthe family business is "in the process of vetting various structures and thatthe ultimate arrangement "will comply with all applicable rules and regulations.Some of Trump's lawyers have called the plan a "blind trust, which pastpresidents have used to protect their assets from the appearance ofconflicts-of-interest. But that setup typically involves liquid assets likebonds and stocks, not buildings or a branding empire. Trump will know how anygiven decision will affect, say, the old post office property in Washington,D.C., that he's leasing from the federal government (another conflict). By law,blind trusts are overseen by an independent manager, not family members.The President is exempt from federal conflict-of-interest laws, but Trump's planis already hitting political turbulence. Earlier this week Ivanka Trump'sjewelry company took heat for promoting a $10,800 diamond bangle that Ms. Trumpdonned during a family interview on CBS's "60 Minutes. The company chalked upthe incident to an overeager marketing executive, but this is only the beginningof such media catcalls. By the way, Ms. Trump is married to Jared Kushner, whocould be a useful adviser in the White House.Trump's best option is to liquidate his stake in the company. Richard Painterand Norman Eisen, ethics lawyers for George W. Bush and President Barack Obama,respectively, have laid out a plan, which involves a leveraged buyout or aninitial public offering.Trump could put the cash proceeds in a true blind trust. The Trump children cankeep the assets in their name, and he can transfer more to them as long as hepays a hefty gift tax. Finally, Trump should stipulate that he and his childrenwill have no communication about family business matters.The alternatives are fraught, perhaps even for the Trump Organization's bottomline: Thanks to a Clinton Administration precedent, presidents can facelitigation in private matters, so the company will become a supermagnet forlawsuits. Rudy Giuliani lamented on television that divestment would put theTrump children "out of work," but reorganizing the company may be better forbusiness than unending scrutiny from the press. Progressive groups will soon beout of power, and they are already shouting that the Trump family wants toprofit from the presidency.The political damage to a new administration could be extensive. If Trumpdoesn't liquidate, he will be accused of a pecuniary motive any time he takes apolicy position. For example, the House and Senate are eager to consider taxreform and one sticking point will be the treatment of real estate, which willbe of great interest to the Trump family business. Ditto for repealing theDodd-Frank financial law, interest rates and so much more.The conflicts span the globe, including a loan from the Bank of China and likelydealings with sovereign-wealth funds. Along the way, Trump could expose himselfto charges, however unfair, that he is violating the Constitution's EmolumentsClause, which prohibits public officials from accepting gifts or payment fromforeign governments.Mixing money and politics could undermine his pledge to "drain the swamp inWashington. If a backlash allows Democrats to retake the House in 2018, Trumpand his business colleagues would field subpoenas from the House OversightCommittee. Ranking minority member Elijah Cummings this week expressed hisenthusiasm for such a project, and answering daily questions about this can't behow Trump wants to spend his political capital.There is no question that a Trump business sale would be painful and perhapscostly. We also dislike the double standard of ethics rules that put specialburdens on business folks who want to enter politics, even as public-interestlawyers can move in and out of government without a peep of protest. Unlikeliberals, Republicans like to work in the private economy.But this is the modern world of Washington. And remember that Hillary Clintonlost in part because the public didn't want a president who mixed politics andpersonal gain at the State Department and Clinton Foundation. Millions ofAmericans have put their trust in Trump to succeed as president and improvetheir lives, not treat this as a four-year hiatus from his business. Thepresidential stakes are too high for Trump to let his family business become adaily political target.China Daily: China, the US and the TPPIn spite of the White House's continuous insistence on there being "a strongcase to make with regard to the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement, chances areit will not get approved in the remainder of President Barack Obama's term.However, it might be too early to announce the demise of the TPP. DespitePresident-elect Donald Trump's repeated pledge to scrap it on the campaigntrail, who knows what he will do when he enters office?Of course, Beijing is understandably relieved that the exclusive, economicallyinefficient, politically antagonizing TPP is looking ever less likely tomaterialize by the day. After all, the trade grouping has been essentiallydriven by the United States' strategic considerations and meant to counterChina's economic influence in the Asia-Pacific.But the U.S. should rest assured the sky will not come tumbling down even if theTPP does get killed at the hands of the next president. Instead of lamenting,its proponents should congratulate themselves on dodging a bullet, as the pactis inopportune. Because, what actual benefits will the TPP bring to the U.S. asa country and its workers, whom the deal is claimed to serve, should it go aheadand pit Beijing and Washington more firmly against each other? Very few, if any.The anticipated setback offers a precious opportunity for decision-makers inboth Beijing and Washington to reevaluate the state of affairs, and recalibratetheir respective approaches.China and the U.S. are not allies, and are not likely to be in the foreseeablefuture given their dramatic differences. But that does not mean they cannot bepartners.Beijing has been persistent in pursuing peaceful co-existence with the U.S. Itsenthusiastic proposal of and insistence on a "new type of major-countryrelationship between the two countries deserves something better than the TPP.In their first conversation on the phone on Monday, Beijing time, ChinesePresident Xi Jinping and Trump exchanged wishes for better ties and promises ofcooperation, which is hopefully propitious for the upcoming Trump era.The incoming administration should realize that the more open, inclusiveRegional Comprehensive Economic Partnership will turn out to be a far moreefficient vehicle for advancing U.S. interests. Washington may want to takeadvantage of the nascent, evolving platform and become involved from therule-making stage.U.S. influence in the Asia-Pacific will not abate if the Trump administrationchooses to engage with the region constructively.