Peter Thiel's phone is ringing a lot more these days from people in SiliconValley looking for a line into the Trump administration.During the presidential campaign, the billionaire investor who served as adelegate for Donald Trump and spoke at the Republican National Convention was alone emissary from the tech world, widely shunned by the  industry that betheavily on Hillary Clinton. His $1.25 million donation to support the electionof Trump prompted angry calls for Thiel to be dropped from the Facebook boardand from Y Combinator, a prominent start-up incubator where he is a part-timeadviser.Now Silicon Valley is looking to hitch a ride into Trump Tower on his coattails.Thiel has not taken a formal role during the transition but has spent nearly twoweeks advising the Trump team. He's expected to play a key role in representingthe interests of the tech industry on regulatory and policy matters inWashington, along with a small group of conservatives from his circle, such asPalantir Technologies co-founder and venture capitalist Joe Lonsdale, who hasties to House Speaker Paul Ryan. Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law and trustedadviser, also has deep connections to the  industry.Thiel has said he is not vying for a full-time position in the Trumpadministration. "I think my future is going to continue to be in the techindustry. That's what I'm good at. That's what I enjoy doing," Thiel said duringan October speech at the National Press Club in Washington.That's welcome news to investor Saar Gur, who says there's a lot of anxiety inSilicon Valley over what the new administration might do and a growing push to"be helpful." Trump's remarks on tech, his opposition to net neutrality and hardstance on immigration have frightened tech executives, but they also see a newopportunity to push a tech-friendly agenda.Gur's venture capital firm, Charles River Ventures, took a very public standagainst Trump before the election, creating a fellowship program for immigrantentrepreneurs to protest Trump's anti-immigration policies. Gur says he hastaken part in a variety of brainstorming conference calls in Silicon Valley thathave yet to yield "a productive game plan.""Peter is the best person to mobilize all this energy into somethingproductive," Gur said.That's a new role for Thiel, who for years has been Silicon Valley's residentcontrarian. Thiel declined an interview request through a representative.The PayPal co-founder's electronic payments company flourished among thewreckage of the dot-com crash. His early bet on Facebook -- he was the firstoutside investor -- netted him a fortune that Forbes pegs at $2.7 billion. Buthis controversial ideas on everything from living at sea to escape the clutchesof government regulation to paying aspiring entrepreneurs to drop out of collegehave frequently put him on the fringes of the Silicon Valley mainstream.Nothing made him more of an outlier than his bet on Trump. Even Geoff Lewis, oneof Thiel's partners at venture capital firm Founders Fund, publicly criticizedTrump after the election in a Medium post. "If we take Trump seriously, it maynot be safe for me to write a post like this a year from now," Lewis wrote.In July, dozens of tech executives including Slack CEO Stewart Butterfield andventure capitalist Vinod Khosla signed an open letter on Medium, warning a Trumppresidency would be a "disaster for innovation" that could threaten thecountry's thriving tech economy.Thiel struck back against Silicon Valley "elites" that he said were ignoring theeconomic plight of many Americans. "What Donald Trump represents isn't crazy,and it's not going away," he said during the National Press Club speech.Gur says Trump's victory was a wake-up call to Silicon Valley, whose technologyis creating great wealth for some while eliminating jobs for many."I think there is some potential for Silicon Valley to be more involved and tounderstand these issues and understand the middle-America displacement issuesand what we can do about it," he said. "Peter has a real chance to engage thecommunity and get people involved."Many in Silicon Valley are hoping Thiel's influence with the Trumpadministration will bode well for them. He is a major backer of artificialintelligence and big data companies -- he co-founded Palantir Technologies,which recently won a case against the Department of Defense over being sidelinedfrom competing for government contracts -- and he has taken major stakes in thebooming sharing economy with home-rental company Airbnb and ride-hailing companyLyft. In speeches, Thiel has advocated for greater government investments inscience and technology."We can expect Peter to look out for his own interests the same way we canexpect Trump to," Gur said.A big winner in that regard is Facebook, which stood by its board member Thielthrough two recent controversies. Mark Zuckerberg, chief executive of Facebook,refused to ask Thiel to step down, even as women and people of color accusedThiel of embracing racism and intolerance with his support of Trump.Zuckerberg told employees in an internal Facebook memo that while he did notendorse Thiel's views, cutting ties with him would set a troubling precedent."We care deeply about diversity," Zuckerberg wrote. "That's easy to say when itmeans standing up for ideas you agree with. It's a lot harder when it meansstanding up for the rights of people with different viewpoints."