On the heels of Donald  Trump's victory in the November 8  presidentialelection, the young white  nationalists who rallied around the  Republicancandidate celebrated his  victory as their own and contemplated  the next stepfor the volatile political  movement they call the alt-right.Hope is finally making a comeback,  Richard Spencer, a prominent whitenationalist and leader in the so-called  alt-right, wrote on Twitter.For the first time in my adult life, I  am really proud of my country, hewrote, then added the hashtag #Trump.For Spencer and other members of the  alt-right, Trump's victory signaled themainstreaming of their white identity  movement, which has long flourishedonline, proliferating on sites like Reddit  and Twitter.White identity politics has arrived in  America, one alt-right commenter  wrote,announcing Trump's win.The alt-right sees itself as a populist  revolt against the politicalestablishment.   Its members are largely young  white men who share grievancesabout  the economy, war and what they see  as an encroaching culture ofpolitical  correctness.A particularly virulent stream of anti-Semitism, sexism and racism also runsthrough the movement  and has been  roundly condemned by groups like theSouthern Poverty Law Center  but  alt-right proponents say it does notrepresent the totality of the alt-right.For anti-Semites and the alt-right,  Trump's message of anger and retributionwas balm.I can't wait to watch the Jews squirm  for 4 years, was the title of one Redditthread. I've never been so excited,  another poster wrote. Others postedcaricatures of hook-noosed Jews, eyes  welling with tears. When you fundHillary's campaign and rig the election  for her and [she] still loses, theaccompanying   text ran.Jews played a hugely disproportionate   role in this election, one  commenterwrote on Reddit. Oy vey,  wasted shekels.Other posters on an alt-right Reddit  thread wondered: Now that their cherishedcandidate has won, is their  movement of white identity mainstream   now?Can we really call ourselves 'alternative'   right now that Trump has won?  onecommenter asked.Is 'New Right' a more appropriate  term? another poster suggested.Remember, we must make sure the  revolution is not betrayed, a Redditcommentator advised. Trump must be  held to do the things he promised, suchas... [d]eportation of every illegal alien  [and a] cutdown on legal nonwhiteimmigration.The 'alt' won't die on the internet,  another poster wrote. But [in real life]you might be able to get around more  corners by saying 'hard right.' Where  Ilive, I know the 'alt' implies anti-Jew  and anti-Mexican. I use it at my ownrisk.Joshua Seidel, a self-described Jewish  member of the alt-right, said thatTrump's win was a tremendous victory   for the movement, which he doesn'tbelieve is inherently anti-Semitic or  racist.If that starts leaping... into the street,  that may change, Seidel said. Rightnow it's just on computer screens.As far as Seidel is concerned, the altright   made it cool to support DonaldTrump.They brought this sense of being the  in-crowd, Seidel said.For Seidel, the core of what the altright   stands for is pro-white identitypolitics, and that's what he wants to  see championed on the national stage.We will see a reaffirming of the  importance of European identity and  culture,he said.It was clear to many that their still  amorphous movement was at a crossroads.This is a symbolic victory for the  'alternative right,' said Paul Gottfried,political philosopher and author of  recently published Fascism: the Career  ofa Concept.It gives some of the 'alt-right'  elements some hope that they will be  takenseriously as a political force,  Gottfried said. The question is if  Trump willrecognize them.Voices of the alternative right, Gottfried   noted, are still relegated toplaces  like Reddit and to smaller blogs  and  not found on big leagueconservative  outlets like Fox News.Gottfried said, We aren't seeing the  old conservatives being displaced yet.