Allegheny County delayed certifying its Nov. 8 election results so officials canreview requests filed Monday seeking a recount of the presidential and U.S.Senate voting results.The push for recounts locally is part of a larger effort led by Green Partypresidential candidate Jill Stein, who has called for recounts in Wisconsin,Pennsylvania and Michigan. She raised about $6.5 million in five days to supportthe effort."Americans deserve a voting system we can trust," Stein told the Tribune-Reviewin a phone interview Monday.Stein told the Trib that she doesn't have proof of voting irregularities ortampering in Pennsylvania or the other states, but she said cyber-security andelections experts she consulted suggested that the three states' voting systemswere particularly vulnerable to foul play.Stein insisted that politics didn't influence her choice in states, althoughPennsylvania, Wisconsin and Michigan have a combined 46 electoral votes.President-elect Donald Trump, who won all three states, collected 306 electoralvotes to Hillary Clinton's 232. Clinton's campaign has said it supports Stein'seffort, while Trump called it a "scam" on his Twitter account."We're not doing this to change the outcome of the election. I stated throughoutthe election that I would challenge the validity of the electoral process if itwas in question. ... We're in this because we're at a crisis point in ourelectoral process," Stein said, raising concerns about the security and lack ofa paper trail for every ballot cast on Pennsylvania's voting machines."When you get into an airplane, you don't want to wait for the wings to startshaking before you start to think, "[#x2dc]Gee, we should have a backup system,'" Stein said.To request a review of results in a Pennsylvania voting precinct, at least threevoters from that precinct must file a notarized affidavit in their county.Pennsylvania is home to 9,163 precincts. At least 27,489 people would need tofile affidavits to have results reviewed in all precincts."The Department of State is working to gather information from the 67 countiesregarding their process in certifying election returns. We've learned that manycounties have completed their certification, thereby closing the five-day windowto petition the county level for a recount," agency spokeswoman Wanda Murrensaid in a statement.In Beaver County, which has 129 precincts, elections chief Doreen Mandity turnedaway two people who wanted to file affidavits because she said the county'selection results were finalized Wednesday. Mandity said concerned parties hadfive days to question or challenge the election results after the countycompleted what she described as a thorough review of the returns. When no onedid, the county certified the results."We didn't accept them," Mandity said of the affidavits brought in Monday. Trumpdefeated Clinton by nearly 16,000 votes, or 20 percentage points, in BeaverCounty.Stein filed a separate petition Monday in Commonwealth Court to "allow thecampaign to pursue a statewide recount in Pennsylvania, for example, if ...recounts at the precinct level uncovered irregularities or tampering."Pennsylvania GOP Chairman Rob Gleason said "this desperate act by Jill Stein andthose supporting her is a sad commentary on the failure of some to accept theresults of the will of the people as reflected by their votes."It's unknown how extensive the review will be in Allegheny County, which has1,322 precincts. Organizers had informed the county's election division earlierMonday that it anticipated seeking reviews in about 60 precincts. Countyspokeswoman Amie Downs said at the close of business Monday that she didn't knowhow many affidavits had been filed.Voters had until 4:30 p.m. to file affidavits in Allegheny County, where Clintondefeated Trump by 105,529 votes, or 16.4 percentage points.The review won't be a traditional recount.Downs said county elections officials will "recanvass" the results in theapplicable precincts, a process in which election-night result tapes fromelectronic voting machines are compared against the totals on the machines'redundant memory flash cards."At this point, there is no order from the (Pennsylvania) Secretary of State ...to recount the returns for an office" for the entire county, Downs said. Thelast countywide recount occurred in 2011, when a Commonwealth Court race wasdecided by 2,116 votes, triggering an automatic recount, she said. It took about11â[#x201e]2 days to perform, and the state reimbursed the county for the work.Three people showed up at the Westmoreland County Prothonotary's Office to fileaffidavits, office supervisor Patty Felker said. Westmoreland County has 306precincts.Felker said "they didn't (file the affidavit) because they didn't want to paythe filing fee," which is $149.50. "Apparently they weren't that interested."Tom Fontaine is a Tribune-Review staff writer. Reach him at 412-320-7847 ortfontaine@tribweb.com