Robert Mercer, co-CEO of Renaissance Technologies, the hedge fund founded by JimSimons, has quietly become a major funder of Breitbart News and Donald Trump'srise, an often unknown but powerful force in politics, according to numerousreports.Jim Simons, the former head of Stony Brook University's mathematics department,is best known as the founder of Renaissance Technologies and among thewealthiest Long Islanders.He has won kudos as a philanthropist who made massive donations to Stony BrookUniversity, remaining a kind of angel at the university where he once worked.Meanwhile, Robert Mercer, who became co-CEO of Renaissance once Simons retired,has been pouring millions of dollars into an effort to remake the Republicanparty. And the election of Donald Trump may be his greatest, if only his latest,success.Mercer has provided money behind many Tea Party candidates, a political actioncommittee on behalf of Donald Trump and Breitbart News.Bloomberg News recently reported that in the latest sign of the Mercers' rise inpolitics, Rebekah Mercer, Robert Mercer's daughter, was named to President-ElectDonald Trump's transition team.The move comes after Mercer funded and Rebekah Mercer oversaw a pro-Trumppolitical action committee that poured millions of dollars in ads."His fortune has financed think tanks and insurgent candidates, super PACs andmedia watchdogs, lobbying groups and grass-roots organizations," NicholasConfessore wrote in The New York Times while Donald Trump was running forpresident. "Many of them are now connected, one way or another, to Mr. Trump'spresidential bid. "Confessore described Mercer as "a mathematician and competitive poker player whospent his early career at I.B.M., joined Renaissance in the 1990s and rose tobecome the co-chief executive, earning hundreds of millions of dollars. "Mercer, who started as a computer programmer, has expressed himself largely byfunding, but the family occasionally has issued statements."America is finally fed up and disgusted with its political elite," the Mercerssaid in an Oct. 8 statement as they shifted their support to Donald Trump."Trump is channeling this disgust and those among the political elite who quakebefore the boom-box of media blather. "Mercer started out funding Republican candidates who rose from within the partyrather than as a kind of resistance to the establishment.He funded Mitt Romney's presidential run 2012, before pouring $13.5 million intoTed Cruz's primary run.After Cruz bowed out, Mercer founded and funded pro-Trump political actioncommittee "Make America No. 1" which Kellyanne Conway helped lead, before shetook a key role as Trump's campaign manager.Mercer also funded the book "Clinton Cash" that looked into the Clintons'conflicts of interest, before Rebekah Mercer became  co-executive producer ofthe hour-long documentary "Clinton Cash. "The Mercers have campaigned not simply for candidates, but vigorously againstHillary Clinton who they described as someone who "would repeal both the Firstand Second Amendments of the Bill of Rights, a nominee who would remake theSupreme Court in her own image. "In addition to supporting candidates, Robert Mercer reportedly invested $10million in Breitbart News, when the firm was struggling.The Mercers also have invested in Cambridge Analytica, a data analytics companythat seeks to target voters based on personality profiles.The Trump campaign hired Cambridge Analytica after the Mercers began supportingtheir campaign, according to Bloomberg.http://www.libn.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from thisresource.Copyright © 2016 BridgeTower Media. All Rights Reserved.