DES MOINES, Iowa - It will be one of many unusual things about a Donald Trumpadministration: a long-distance first lady.Trump will move into the White House after the Jan. 20 inauguration. Breakingwith tradition, Melania Trump and 10-year-old son Barron plan to remain in NewYork City at least until the end of the school year.While the decision sets Melania Trump apart from other first ladies - bothMichelle Obama and Hillary Clinton moved with school-age children in tow - itseems in character. The former model and naturalized U.S. citizen from Sloveniawas an elusive figure during the campaign and had no political experience beforeher husband's campaign."We're in a time when all the molds are being broken," said Katherine Jellison,head of the history department at Ohio University and an authority on firstladies. "That may be the case where we have a redefining of a role that, afterall, isn't in the Constitution."Trump spokesman Jason Miller cited "sensitivity" about pulling Barron fromschool midyear. In an interview with US Weekly earlier this year, Melania Trumpsaid: "Barron is the priority for now and he needs me at this age. He needs aparent at home, and I like to keep it as normal as possible."Anita McBride, chief of staff to Laura Bush during her time in the White House,noted that Michelle Obama also weighed delaying her family's move for similarreasons, but "ultimately made a different decision and one that suited theirfamily."Just how Melania Trump will tackle the White House, and how she will be receivedby the public, is unclear. The first lady usually serves as the official hostessand typically undertakes some kind of advocacy work. Michelle Obama took onchildhood obesity and other projects. But being first lady has no officialduties or any clear playbook.Married to Donald Trump for nearly 12 years, Melania Trump is his third wife. AU.S. citizen since 2006, she will be only the second first lady born outside thecountry. Louisa Catherine Johnson Adams, wife of John Quincy Adams, was born inLondon to an American father and British mother.So far, Melania Trump's few forays into politics have been a mixed success.Her speech at the Republican National Convention was widely panned after thediscovery of striking similarities of portions of her speech to the onedelivered by Michelle Obama at the 2008 Democratic convention. And she has hadto defend her husband against accusations of sexual assault. She has challengedthe veracity of reports that he imposed himself on women, despite his boasts ina 2005 video about doing so.In the couple's first postelection interview, on CBS' "60 Minutes," MelaniaTrump said: "I will stay true to myself. I'm very strong and tough andconfident."For now, McBride said, the professional staff at the White House can do much ofthe event planning, with the first lady weighing in remotely and traveling downfrom time to time.McBride noted one big event looming: the Governor's Ball in February, a standingevent on the calendar.Another possibility is that other family members, like Trump's daughter Ivanka,could take hostess duties at times. There is plenty of historical precedent forthat, according to Jellison. When Jackie Kennedy traveled, President John F.Kennedy's mother or sisters would fill in. If Bess Truman was home in Missouri,her daughter, Margaret, would play hostess during Harry Truman's presidency.Julie Nixon sometimes appeared on behalf of her mother, Pat Nixon.However the events are organized, Doug Wead, who worked for President GeorgeBush and wrote a book about presidents' children, said the Trumps are experts atevent planning."You have this unusual situation where you have a president who doesn't havepolitical experience, but he has business experience. They will know how toentertain," Wead said.In terms of advocacy, Melania Trump has mentioned doing work that addressesbullying - a notable choice given the president-elect's love of name-calling onsocial media. It can take some time for the first lady to launch personalprojects.Michelle Obama began her "Let's Move" initiative about a year into her husband'sfirst term.If Melania Trump tries to keep some distance from Washington even after shemoves, she wouldn't be the first presidential spouse seeking space. Bess Trumanoften fled Washington for her hometown of Independence, Mo. And Jackie Kennedyliked to travel in Europe."I'm not saying it has always been the case that first ladies and their familiesloved living in the White House," Jellison said. "There were many who spent agreat deal of time away."