No time to wasteFollowing the failure of State Question 779, it is up to thegovernor and state legislators to do something about the direction our state isheading. Our children are being put at risk, as is everyone who is impacted bybusinesses choosing not to come here or choosing to move out. If we don't dosomething soon, it's going to be a long, arduous task to dig ourselves out ofthis hole. We have to quit listening to all those who don't want to give uptheir traditions of their small schools or who say, "I went to a small schooland I want my child to have the same experience."The world, and our state, has changed and we must change with it. There are toomany school districts in Oklahoma and too many administrators/superintendents.Wehave too much to lose by doing nothing. We need to focus on the real issue ofeducation. We have entrusted our beautiful state to lawmakers; they must act onthis very important issue now. Our children can't be put on hold.Elvira Aldaz,Midwest CityWe need to hopeI am one of those approximately 16,000 Oklahomans whodidn't cast a vote for president on my election ballot. I'm an old,long-registered Democrat, and yet a pretty conservative one. I just could not ingood conscious vote for someone I didn't respect or care for. I thought DonaldTrump and Hillary Clinton were extremely flawed. Their histories, negativity andrhetoric were shameful. And yet Trump's recent demeanor gives me a tad bit ofhope that he can do something positive or constructive and America will bebetter as time goes on. It certainly all remains to be seen.The country stillhas a great divide. I will try and be supportive and pray that things will workout for our country. Even after seeing that we had the worst choices ever for aleader, you need to hope America will persevere, and hope that most inWashington can come together somewhat and move the country forward with somegains and sense of satisfaction for all.Jack Dill, BlanchardThe '60s werebetterIn response to J.A. Livingston (Your Views, Nov. 19): I was alive and acollege student in 1963. Believe me, it was a much better time than now. Mostfolks had morals back then and you didn't constantly hear verbal sewage spewingfrom so many so-called educated peoples' mouths!Don Walkup, Oklahoma CityWhatabout dads' rights?I'm going to go out on a limb and guess Margaret Taylor's(Your Views, Nov. 19) candidate for president didn't win and therefore she feltobligated to express her concern for the rest of us and at the same time slip inthe fact she thinks men should stay out of the abortion issue. Taylor and othersfeel fathers have no love for their children and so this decision should be themother's only. I would like for someone to explain how one justifies a motherbeing able to make a decision to terminate a pregnancy without consulting thefather, but yet if the mother wants to keep the child and the father doesn't heis automatically obligated to pay child support for 18 years. I can assureTaylor and her supporters there is no way they could love their children anymore than I do mine. I'm not going to try and change anyone's mind on thesubject of abortion, but I would appreciate some consideration getting fathersbrought into the decision process.Donald D. Meyer, YukonGive him a chanceSincethe Nov. 8 election, I have read and listened to the pros and cons about theElectoral College. I'm wondering, if Hillary Clinton had won the presidency overDonald Trump with Electoral College votes, but not the popular vote, would thoseunhappy with this year's outcome be praising the Electoral College as a good wayto elect a president? Give the president-elect a chance to show us how seriousand how good he will be to the country after being sworn in on Jan. 20.DavidNong, Edmond