Happy Thanksgiving. I hope you have a good day Thursday and enjoy a wonderfulstart to this year's holiday season.In honor of the day, here is a list of things for which certain prominent folksin our midst could be thankful:- Mitt Romney ccc That he might have a possible position in the Cabinet of thepolitician he called a "con man" and a "phony." Everyone deserves a secondchance. Right?- Gov. Gary Herbert ccccccc That he has espoused enough alternative publicpositions on Donald Trump that he can point to whichever one makes him lookbest, depending on how Trump does as president.- Rep. Mia Love ccc That she finally can be bipartisan and magnanimous now thatthe Republicans control everything and the Democrats have no say.- Rep. Rob Bishop: Drill, baby, drill.- House Speaker Greg Hughes ccc That he was the first prominent Utah politicianto endorse Trump. You may now kiss his ring.- Salt Lake City Mayor Jackie Biskupski ccc That she has three years to makevoters forget her first year in office before she has to run for re-election.- The Patrick Henry Caucus ccc That nobody remembers who you are or that younamed your group after a patriot who opposed the U.S. Constitution.- Utah football coach Kyle Whittingham ccc That there is always next year.- Rep. Jason Chaffetz ccc Having Hillary Clinton to kick around for another fouryears. (Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain in the White House.)- David Duke ccc Finally! A president who understands.- Sen. Jim Dabakis ccc Being the only Democrat in the Senate who doesn't have toworry about leadership responsibilities.- Rust Belt voters ccc That Trump will clear out the immigrants and open up allthose jobs they took at McDonald's, Wendy's and Burger King.- Rep. Chris Stewart ccc Mussolini.- The Koch brothers ccc It's payback time.- Utah Democratic Chairman Peter Corroon ccc No partisan elections for twoyears.- Utah Republican Chairman James Evans ccc Gerrymandering.- Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson ccc No more Aleppo questions.- Presidential candidate Evan McMullin ccc Newfound name recognition in Utah.- Attorney General Sean Reyes ccc Having predecessors like John Swallow and MarkShurtleff.- Sen. Howard Stephenson ccc His very own state school board.- Salt Lake County Mayor Ben McAdams ccc Somebody has to be the token Democrat.- Newly elected Rep. Mike Winder ccc No more Richard Burwash.- Utah Athletic Director Chris Hill ccc Rescheduled basketball games with BYU toget the Legislature off his back.- BYU basketball coach Dave Rose ccc That sucker punches are not mentioned inthe honor code.- Sen. Mike Lee ccc Democratic candidate recruiters.- Sen. Orrin Hatch ccc Immortality (But what's the trade-off?).- Rep. LaVar Christensen ccc That his come-from-behind victory gives him twomore years to have a captive audience in the House for his two-hour moralitylectures.- Fox News executives ccc That Trump's election means they won't have to worryabout him forming a competing Trump Network.- Davillier law firm ccc That Trump's election will give Utah lawmakers new hopethey can win a lawsuit to transfer federally controlled land to the state, sothe checks will keep rolling in.- State Auditor John Dougall ccc Having so much working material.- Me ccc Having so much working material.prolly@sltrib.com