It is the beginning of the holiday shopping season on Fifth Avenue, even if thefestive spirit is dampened a bit by the long guns of stationed police officersand the regular presence of bomb-sniffing dogs.Some of the city's most storied stores have found themselves blocked behindpolice barricades. In the days since the presidential election, protesters havecome through angrily, shutting down Fifth Avenue, filling the streets from TrumpTower at East 56th Street down to the Valentino store between 54th and 55thStreets and beyond.Even when the protesters take their placards elsewhere, camera-wielding gawkersloiter on the sidewalk, gazing up at the tower where Donald J. Trump, thepresident-elect, is taking meetings.Pedestrian access is largely restricted on the east side of Fifth Avenue between56th and 57th Streets, where Mr. Trump both lives and works. So outsideTiffany's, Trump Tower's neighbor to the north, and Gucci, whose Fifth Avenueflagship is within the tower (though with its own entrance), scarf-wearingemployees have been dispatched to the sidewalk, doing their best to ushershoppers, following police bag checks, past the barricades.In the final months of the Obama presidency, as the president-elect plans histransition, Trump Tower has become the seat of power. For neighboring retailers,the congestion, the blockages, the protests and the occasional street closureshave already affected foot traffic and are a cause for concern: The holidayseason accounts for an outsize stake of retail business.''You always hear the number 40 percent for Christmas,'' said Dan Biederman, thepresident of the 34th Street Partnership, a neighboring Business ImprovementDistrict.On a recent weekday, Maria Mammis, a regular visitor and Fifth Avenue shopperfrom Montreal, was walking by the barricades as quickly as she could inteetering stilettos. ''I'll avoid all these shops,'' she said. ''We're avoidingthis whole area. It's terrible.''Few retailers care to admit they are worried. Major brands, including LouisVuitton, Armani and Polo Ralph Lauren, all of which have stores nearby, declinedto comment; inside stores, clerks and security guards said they werespecifically instructed not to talk about anything ''political.''For those who would, a spirit of make-do reigns.''We've been through a lot of different things,'' said Jeff Bennett, a marketvice president of Tiffany who oversees the Fifth Avenue flagship. ''We've been aresilient New Yorker for nearly 180 years.''The company has been in frequent communication with the New York PoliceDepartment and the Secret Service regarding safety and security, and decided tocancel two events in the immediate aftermath of the election: one celebratingits capsule collection with Eddie Borgo on Nov. 10 (it was rescheduled for earlyDecember) and one to unveil the holiday windows on Nov. 14.Nevertheless, the holiday windows are up and customers are finding their wayaround the obstructions, Mr. Bennett said. (Helping Tiffany is the fact that thestore also has an entrance on East 57th Street.) Tiffany declined to discussspecifics of foot traffic or sales numbers.''For international tourists, it's creating a little bit of excitement,'' Mr.Bennett said. ''Occasionally, when it's appropriate, the police and our Tiffanyambassadors are taking pictures. The combination of our ambassadors and theN.Y.P.D. out there, it's creating a nice environment.''For one couple, who wanted to get engaged at Tiffany, the aid of ''a veryunderstanding member of New York's Finest'' became ''a memorable part of theirproposal and their lives together,'' Mr. Bennett said.A representative for Gucci declined to comment on how the agitation andblockages had affected the store.The response from the city was not initially sympathetic. ''I will not tell youthat Gucci and Tiffany are my central concerns in life,'' Mayor Bill de Blasiosaid at a news conference held outside of Trump Tower, following a meeting withthe president-elect on Nov. 16.But at a subsequent news conference on Nov. 18, the mayor and the policecommissioner, James P. O'Neill, announced their intention to keep Fifth Avenueopen, following three temporary closures in the immediate aftermath of theelection and the protests that followed.''We are devoted to making sure the city will keep moving,'' Mr. de Blasio said.''This is a big challenge and an unprecedented challenge, we know that. We'recommitted to making it work.''He said that he was ''very concerned to make sure that businesses continue tothrive, continue to be able to serve their customers and do well,'' but alsoasked that New Yorkers avoid the area between 53rd and 57th Streets, betweenMadison Avenue and Avenue of the Americas, ''to the maximum extent possible,'' arequest not likely to please those retailers in this high-priced luxurycorridor, where rents can run a reported $5,000 per square foot.(The commotion has already raised the hackles of the Momofuku restaurateur DavidChang, who has tweeted his displeasure at traffic disruptions on 56th Street,where his Má Pêche restaurant is.)On Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th alone, there are stores for Abercrombie &Fitch and Prada, as well as the multiunit Crown Building at 730 Fifth Avenue,home to Mikimoto, Piaget and Bulgari. Ermenegildo Zegna plans to open a storethere. Jason Maurer, the leasing agent for the property, declined to discuss thebuilding.''We are hopeful that a solution can be found to address the security concernswhile allowing for New York residents and visitors to continue enjoying FifthAvenue, the country's pre-eminent shopping district,'' Joshua Schulman, thepresident of Bergdorf Goodman and Neiman Marcus International, wrote in astatement. ''We were pleased to unveil our holiday windows on Tuesday, November15 without any issues, and we have not modified our hours of operation or ourentrances.''But those in the epicenter of the ongoing commotion are likely in for continueddisruption, especially given the announcement that Melania Trump and thecouple's son, Barron, are to stay in New York until the end of the school year.The president-elect plans to move to the White House, said Hope Hicks, aspokeswoman for Mr. Trump, though speculation endures that he will continue tospend time in New York.''It's going to be terrible for those poor retailers that are between 55th and57th,'' said Joseph Sitt, the chief executive of Thor Equities, a landlord,developer and leasing agent with commercial properties up and down Fifth.''Everyone between 55th and 57th has a nightmare on their hands.''Representatives of the Fifth Avenue Business Improvement District, whichincludes the area, did not respond to requests for comment.At Henri Bendel, on Fifth Avenue between 55th and 56th, anti-Trump protests hadforced the store to close a few times and to reschedule a holiday shoppingevent.''We obviously have been affected by that,'' said Pina Ferlisi, Bendel'screative director. ''We had to close three times, as a lot of other businessesin the area had to.''The store's holiday display, a ''Love Wall'' of painted hearts by the artistJames Goldcrown, ended up being ''kind of timely,'' Ms. Ferlisi said. Mr.Goldcrown was at Henri Bendel installing the wall the night after the election,as protests raged outside.''I don't think any of us really knew what we were in for,'' he said. ''It wasjust bonkers. It was very exciting, actually.''Asked whether business has since returned to normal, Ms. Ferlisi said thatBendel is busy. ''Our focus is on giving our customers the best holiday shoppingexperience on Fifth Avenue,'' she said. ''It's the new normal.''Shoppers are adjusting as well.''I was determined to buy sunglasses,'' said Marina Rabinovich, a Brooklynitewho had a stroller with her infant -- and bags from Christian Louboutin andTiffany -- in tow. ''The barricades don't bother me. For New Yorkers, it's not aproblem.''Indeed, said Mr. Sitt, Trump Tower could serve as a boon to retailers a fewblocks south, functioning as a new tourist attraction and ''anchor'' for FifthAvenue. South of ''bedlam,'' as he called the area between 55th and 57th onFifth, ''they're doing business like they haven't done it in a while.''''Their business are booming, booming, booming,'' Mr. Sitt said. ''Somebodyjoked with me that they're even getting tons of business from the protesters.It's come, protest, shop.''Continue following our fashion and lifestyle coverage on Facebook (Styles andModern Love), Twitter (Styles, Fashion and Weddings) and Instagram.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/23/fashion/fifth-avenue-holiday-shopping-donald-trump-tower-protesters.html