Yaocihuatl Reyes, a high school senior, didn't pay much attention to thepresidential race until she found her teacher sobbing and her east Los Angelesclassmates terrified that the election of Donald Trump would lead to thedeportation of their families.At that moment, Reyes, 17, the daughter of a nurse and security guard, withlittle political upbringing, was driven to act.She and a friend asked students from nearby high schools in the predominantlyLatino neighborhood to meet at a park, where they decided to lead a walkout.They made signs, wrote chants and mapped routes for the march to City Hall dayslater. Hundreds took part."We just wanted to go and tell our community that we're here for them, we'rescared, too, but we're not going to give up," said Reyes, whose family is in theU.S. legally. "This walkout was kind of for unity, to unify each other."Though too young to vote, thousands of high school students from Seattle toSilver Spring, Md., have taken to the streets since Trump's election to protesthis proposed crackdown on illegal immigration and his rude comments about women.It is an unusual show of political involvement on the part of young people. Andexperts say that kind of engagement can lead to increased activism when they areadults."The election has really promoted a feeling on the part of many people that juststaying silent is being complicit, and so we're seeing a huge uptick inengagement," said Jennifer Earl, a professor of sociology at the University ofArizona who researches the internet and social movements.On the other side of the political divide, students have also rallied in supportof Trump, though in smaller numbers.The so-called millennial generation - the youngest adult generation - is themost racially and ethnically diverse in the country now, according to theWashington-based Pew Research Center.Nearly half of millennials identify themselves as political independents, morethan in prior generations, according to Pew.Young people who are politically active and concerned about issues are morelikely to vote once they turn 18, said Joseph Kahne, professor of educationalpolicy and politics at the University of California, Riverside.Many teens are using social media to spread the word about demonstrations. Thebest predictor of whether a young person attends a protest is whether he or sheis asked to go, Kahne said.Reyes said she had never even attended a political event until this year, whenshe asked her mother to take her to a rally for Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., whowas running as a Democratic presidential candidate.Oregon teen Cole Sandlin said he, too, had never attended a political rallybefore organizing one at his high school. He and a friend ordered flags onlineto support Trump, affixed them to their trucks and gathered in the parking lotbefore class on Election Day. The rally drew about 30 students."We thought, this is basically our first election that we're involved in, thatwe ought to do something to show our political views," said Sandlin, who turned18 shortly after the election and likes Trump's promises to revamp health careand trade.Sandlin said he had long been interested in politics and grew up watching thenews with his father, a farmer in Silverton, Ore. He said he planned to work onthe farm after graduation but would keep up on political issues."If there was something I felt compelled to share my opinion, I wouldn't have aproblem doing that," he said.Nor would Reyes, who plans to attend college next year and major in politicalscience, inspired by Sanders' campaign. She said she also wanted to organize acommunity rally in east Los Angeles with speakers on topics such as criminaljustice reform."It was kind of bizarre. I didn't think people would come," she said of thewalkout. "I just kept telling my friends, 'Wow, we actually did this. Peopleactually came. It worked.' "