With relative quiet having returned, the opportunity arises to examine theprotests that devolved into riots in Portland after the Nov. 8 presidentialelection.Such an examination will reveal failures on many levels - from thosewho peaceably protested, to those who joined them intent upon destruction, tocity officials who did not direct a strong enough response from lawenforcement. The desire is not to point fingers but to prevent such damage inthe future; there is, after all, much wisdom in the axiom about those who failto learn from history.Repeating the history that unfolded in Portland clearlyis not an option. Vandals perpetrated more than $1 million in damage, and morethan 100 people were arrested - highlighting the difference between civildisobedience and anarchy.The unrest began the night of the election, ashundreds gathered to decry the elevation of Donald Trump to the presidency.More showed up the following evening, and some protesters saw fit to blockrush-hour traffic on Interstate 5. By the next night, destruction became partof the demonstration, as cars were damaged and windows werebroken.Deconstruction of the events will take some time, but some observationsjump to the forefront:n Through the blocking of traffic - and even more sothrough acts of vandalism - protestors damaged their own cause, engaging inactions that likely reinforced in the minds of Trump supporters why they votedfor him. Winning hearts and minds requires thoughtful dialogue rather thanphysical destruction.n Much has been made about media reports that many ofthose who were arrested did not vote, at least not in Oregon; the narrative isthat if people did not vote they have no reason to complain. But the votingrecords also suggest that the protests were infiltrated by some looking for anexcuse to create violence rather than to express a political view.n Allowingprotests to fester placed police in an untenable position, and city leadersshould have empowered law enforcement to contain the unrest from the beginning.When violence unfurled, police were vastly outnumbered and faced a situation inwhich wading into the crowd to control a small number of vandals would haveexacerbated the tension.n Considering that Hillary Clinton won 73 percent ofthe vote in Multnomah County to 17 percent for Trump, there is a stronglikelihood that those harmed by the vandalism were Clinton supporters. Theviolence still would be misguided if it targeted Trump supporters, yet thisfact points out the dissonance that drove the protests to destruction.In thewake of a contentious presidential election, tension is understandable andpredictable. Regardless of whether Trump or Clinton had captured the ElectoralCollege, there were bound to be hard feelings on one side or the other. Thequestion then becomes what to do with those feelings.Rather than engage in thetrite notion that it is time for the nation to come together, the idea is tochannel anger in a constructive fashion. Dissent, it has been said, is thehighest form of patriotism, but civility dictates that cities should havedesignated protest areas - such as Pioneer Courthouse Square in Portland, orEsther Short Park in Vancouver - rather than allowing unrest to disruptothers.On a larger scale, the situation represents the further debasing of thisnation's political discourse, a discourse that was routinely cheapenedthroughout the election. While it is unrealistic to expect this nation toembrace unity, it is time to begin raising the level of our discussion and ouractions.