Hillary Clinton made a rare post-election appearance at UNICEF's annualSnowflake Ball to surprise honoree Katy Perry, an outspoken supporter throughouther presidential campaign."On a personal level, I cannot tell you how delighted I am to be here to helpcelebrate &hellip; a global megastar, a social media queen with the most Twitterfollowers in the world - although she's getting some competition - and someonewhose powerful voice and creative lyrics remind us when you get knocked down toget back up," Clinton said while presenting the Audrey Hepburn HumanitarianAward to the musician, who was immediately brought to tears as the attendees ofTuesday's gala at Cipriani Wall Street gave her a standing ovation.Read more: Katy Perry Encourages "Building a Bridge" Through PeacefulConversation This Thanksgiving"I have seen Katy's commitment to the causes she believes in firsthand," shecontinued. "I've gotten to spend time with her and I know how deeply she caresabout making our world a better place. She is serious about understanding thecomplex problems we face and pulling people together to solve them. We needchampions like Katy now more than ever: her passion, her energy and, yes, hervoice, louder than a lion.".@HillaryClinton: @KatyPerry's "powerful voice & creative lyrics remind us whenyou get knocked down to get back up"https://t.co/RHT281TFU2pic.twitter.com/TwreH0hAXN- Hollywood Reporter (@THR)November 30, 2016Perry - an ambassador for the organization since 2013 who has participated infield visits to Madagascar and Vietnam and also raised over $1 million forUNICEF through her most recent world tour - jokingly asked the ballroom, "Doesanyone have a tissue?" And as Clinton exited the space with her security detail,Perry told her, "I've always had a voice - a singing voice - but I've never hada voice like I've had before. Hillary has lit that voice inside of me, and thatlight will never go out, it will continue to get brighter and brighter andbrighter. Thank you, Hillary. You motivate me and so many millions of people. Weappreciate you for your incredible work and your heart."Like Clinton, Perry also included a subtle dig at Donald Trump: "Even thoughI've only been on a few field visits, I'm happy I've helped highlight theeffects of climate change, which is real," she said to laughs, also calling forunity throughout her speech. "No more just hoping for the best and easy living.We need to come together united for the best. ... We were all children at onetime: born innocent, vulnerable, fragile, and we all needed a helping hand togrow into the people that we are today. If we could keep that thought in ourhearts, despite our differences, imagine the kindness, acceptance and empathythat would light the world and remind us once again that we're all in thistogether."Read more: Hillary Clinton to Democrats: Don't Be Discouraged or DividedThe musician, with beau Orlando Bloom and her parents in tow, vowed to continueher international humanitarian efforts. "Truly, my work has only just begin andthis award is not a finish line, but a starting line. It will be constantreminder to get back in the field and shine my spotlight on where it mattersmost.".@KatyPerry's Trump dig: via #UnicefSnowflake, "I've helped highlight theeffects of climate change, which is real."https://t.co/iJ3y5vWCF1pic.twitter.com/f9IqHk4Ld3- Ashley Lee (@cashleelee)November 30, 2016Octavia Spencer hosted the event, also attended by Allison Williams, Tea Leoni,Maggie Q, Tamron Hall, Brooke Burke-Charvet and Kyle Maclachlan, among others.The gala dinner, which also honored Moll Anderson, included performances by SaraBareilles and the cast of The Color Purple.Getty Images