WASHINGTON - Republicans are gleeful over Democratic-engineered rule changesthat will make it easier for President-elect Donald Trump to get his Cabinetnominees through the Senate. Yet Democrats see a lasting upside from what theydid: allowing President Barack Obama to shape the federal judiciary for years tocome.Democrats in 2013 scaled back the power of the Senate minority to throwroadblocks in front of a president's nominees. After that, the Senate confirmednearly 100 federal judges nominated by Obama, bringing to 329 the number ofjudicial nominees confirmed during Obama's term in office.The impact of those lifetime appointments will be especially felt on the federalappeals court in Washington, often called the second-most important court afterthe Supreme Court because it hears many cases on environmental and otherregulations. Judges picked by Republican presidents had dominated the court, butnow Democratic appointees hold a 7-4 advantage. Obama has put four judges there,including three after the rules changes.Outgoing Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid engineered the changes, dubbed the"nuclear option" because of the intensity they could add to partisanship, afterRepublicans blocked many of Obama's nominees. Even with a Republican majority inthe Senate, the Nevada Democrat says he would do it again."The nuclear option lets presidents show their true colors and guarantees anominee a fair up-or-down vote," Reid said in a statement this week. "IfRepublicans want to go on record supporting radicals, that's their decision andthey will have to live with it."Nan Aron, the president of the liberal judicial advocacy group Alliance forJustice, says that if the rules hadn't been changed, Trump would now be fillingseats on the D.C. circuit and other courts."They will undoubtedly hear challenges to Trump's regulatory agenda, challengesto executive orders," Aron said.In November 2013, the rules changes reduced from 60 to a simple majority,usually 51, the number of votes needed to end filibusters, or proceduralroadblocks, on nominations. Republicans are on track to hold 52 seats next year,meaning they won't need any Democratic votes to confirm the new Cabinet - orconfirm federal judges whom Trump is expected to nominate.At the time of the changes, Republican leader Mitch McConnell warned Democratsthat the strategy could backfire."I say to my friends on the other side of the aisle, you will regret this, andyou may regret it a lot sooner than you think," McConnell said on the Senatefloor.Sen. Chuck Schumer, the New York Democrat who will replace Reid as minorityleader, says the pressure will now be on Republicans, "many of whom had seriousqualms with the (presidential) campaign that was run, to determine whether thesenominees will be fit to lead these agencies."For Trump's nominees to run into trouble, they will have to anger fellowRepublicans. That may be the case for his nominee for CIA director, Kansas Rep.Mike Pompeo. Pompeo has rejected accusations that U.S. intelligence and militarypersonnel were "torturers" for harshly interrogating terrorism suspects capturedafter 9/11. He called the personnel "patriots."Republican Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky said on CBS's "Face the Nation" lastSunday that he wants to know more about Pompeo's views on torture and alsowhether he supports expanding powers of the National Security Agency."He's going to have to also answer, to my liking, whether or not he's still fortorture, whether or not he's for waterboarding," Paul said. "That's important."