HIGHLIGHT: McIntoshDel. Maggie McIntosh of Baltimore, a veteran Democratic lawmaker, is weighing arun against Maryland's popular Republican Gov. Larry Hogan.McIntosh said Thursday she's considering a run for statewide office in 2018. Shesaid she was inspired to act by Democrat Hillary Clinton's loss in thepresidential election last week and the lack of women in high-profile Marylandpolitical jobs.With the retirement of Sen. Barbara A. Mikulski and the primary loss of Rep.Donna Edwards, Maryland elected an all-male congressional delegation last weekfor the first time in 46 years. A woman has never served as Maryland's governor,or as presiding officer in either chamber of the General Assembly.McIntosh, the 68-year-old chairwoman of the House Appropriations Committee, saidshe is also considering a run against Democratic Comptroller Peter Franchot. Thecomptroller has angered many in his party by creating what Franchot has called astrategic partnership with Hogan."Last week's election made me dig deeper and ask myself whether I should listento several people who have encouraged me to think about statewide office,"McIntosh said Thursday.She said many Democrats are asking what they can do following the election ofRepublican Donald Trump and the defeat of the first woman to be nominated forpresident by a major political party.McIntosh, a 24-year veteran of the House of Delegates, rose to leadership morethan 20 years ago. She was the first openly gay member of the Assembly and a keyplayer in passing the state's same-sex marriage legislation in 2012. She thenmarshaled resources to defend the law when it went to referendum.She is a close ally of House Speaker Michael E. Busch and a sharp-tongued criticof some of Hogan's spending policies.McIntosh told The Baltimore Sun this summer she was "perplexed and disturbed" bythe lack of Democratic women available to step up when Mikulski announced herdecision last year to retire after 30 years in the Senate.McIntosh said she decided not to run for higher officer when the opportunitycame earlier in her career.Now, she said, she was convening a group of people to evaluate the next beststep for her political career. That group does not include Mikulski, for whomMcIntosh once worked. Still, McIntosh said the outgoing senator was her "biggestcheerleader."McIntosh posted a mock-up of a bumper sticker on Facebook this week that read"McIntosh 2018.""My constituents liked it," she said.She plans to conduct polls and evaluate the likelihood of raising enough cashfor a statewide campaign. Recent campaigns have cost as much as $11.2 million inthe primary alone.She also said several times in a brief interview that she would be happy toremain in the legislature."I love my role here. I love it," she said after attending a two-hour briefingon the state's finances.Baltimore County Executive Kevin Kamenetz, a Democrat, has said he isconsidering a run for governor. Democrats reportedly considering a run forcomptroller include state Sen. James C. Rosapepe and Del. Joseline Pena-Melnyk,both Prince George's County Democrats.ecox@baltsun.comtwitter.com/ErinatTheSun