In the wake of Hillary Clinton's loss to Donald Trump, the Democraticestablishment has strongly resisted calls for reform from progressives.Corporate-friendly Dems are slated to assume leadership roles in Congress. Thefight for the new Democratic National Committee (DNC) chair involves staunchestablishment opposition to Bernie Sanders' choice, Rep. Keith Ellison. ThoughSanders has been placed in charge of the Democratic Party's outreach tocapitalize off his popularity with disenfranchised voters, it's going to take alot more than exploiting Sanders as a marketing tool to save the Democrats.The solution for the Democratic Party's recovery won't be found in editorialspublished by pro-Clinton mainstream media outlets who propped up her candidacyand relentlessly smeared those who challenged it. The Democratic establishmentis popular with the journalism elites-as evidenced by a recent list published inThe Washington Post on potential Democratic presidential candidates for 2020.The Washington Post cited Sen. Cory Booker as a likely front-runner for the 2020Democratic primaries. What they didn't mention about Booker was that hedge fundsand Wall Street love him. Nor did they mention his record of desperate publicitystunts."All politicians are to some degree wannabe celebrities, but it has been a whilesince we have met a showman as narcissistic as [Booker]: a man who makes ChuckSchumer look camera-shy, who makes Michele Bachmann seem like a subtle mediaoperator," wrote Jason Farago for the Guardian in 2013. He added Booker is "aneoliberal egomaniac who sees government as nothing more than a charity forbillionaires and corporations to support as they please."Booker served on the board of an anti-union, pro-charter school educationorganization Alliance for School, with Trump's pick for Secretary of EducationBetsy Devos. He shared 74 of the same wealthy donors in 2014 as RepublicanMajority Leader Mitch McConnell. Gawker's Hamilton Nolan wrote earlier this yearthat Booker's name is now synonymous with "sellout," making him an idealcandidate for the Democratic Party establishment but another bust forprogressives who will be pining for a Sanders 2.0 in 2020.Though Sanders will likely be too old to run for president again, his input, andwho he ultimately endorses for president in 2020 will likely emerge as thefront-runner for the party's nomination. But The Washington Post failed toacknowledge any influence Sanders would have on the 2020 primaries. For manyvoters, where a particular candidate's support fell during the 2016 primarieswill serve as a litmus test for whether they can be trusted to stand up to thepowerful wealthy influences that have taken over the Democratic Party.Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand was cited as a rising star in the Democratic Party and apossible candidate in 2020. Reports claimed she has already begun reaching outto Clinton donors in preparation for a 2020 run. Gillibrand owes her Senatecareer to Clinton, whose seat she inherited. The Washington Post noted, "itremains to be seen whether that is a good thing." It's not a good thing, andnothing Democrats do over the next four years will ever make being tied to theClintons a good thing again.Newly elected California Sen. Kamala Harris was listed as a potentialpresidential candidate. Harris' sister Maya Harris served as the Clintoncampaign's senior policy advisor. California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom, whoco-founded the Ready for Hillary Super PAC, was also listed as an ambitious 2020presidential prospect.Virginia's Tim Kaine and Terry McAuliffe, who both closely orbit Clinton Worldwere cited as two possible contenders for the Democratic presidentialnomination. Yet there is nothing appealing about either of them. Kaine broughtvery little to the Clinton ticket, and McAuliffe is scandal-ridden, thanks tohis role with the Clinton Foundation and various suspicious campaign donations.Sens. Chris Murphy and Claire McCaskill were some of the other Clinton campaignsurrogates thrown on the WaPo list.Many possible candidates listed by the paper have been discussed by othermainstream mediaoutlets as potentially viable. Still, the lack of originality,and the obsession with highlighting potential candidates with Clinton ties goesto show that the mainstream media-along with their Democratic Partyestablishment counterparts-have learned absolutely nothing from the 2016presidential election.