Fear Is The ReasonProtesters Not Going QuietlyPresident-elect Donald Trump tweeted that it's "very unfair" that people areprotesting now that he's been elected. I'd like to explain something:We're not protesting because we didn't get our way; we're protesting becausewe're afraid.We're afraid of today. His election has empowered the bigots of this country.His supporters have been committing acts of violence, verbal and physical,against marginalized people in this country.We're afraid for the future. Will there be a registry for Muslims? Will he wasteour federal budget on a wall along the Mexican border? Will he start trade warsand real wars across the globe? Will the Affordable Care Act be repealed,causing millions to lose their insurance? The list goes on.It's not "very unfair" that we're protesting. It's "very unfair" that we mustfear for our future. So get ready - we're not going away quietly.Vickey Allen, MiddletownUnify, Give Trump A ChanceI have voted in various presidential elections for about 40 years, but mustadmit never seeing an election with so much division.There are many opinions being expressed in the media, mostly against DonaldTrump. He is a successful businessman who has made lots of money (as has HillaryClinton). He is obviously not stupid (he got elected). He may not be perfect,but he is smart.With their protests and angry refusal to accept the results of the election, itseems the "deplorables" are showing themselves all over the country. It reallyis too bad we are unable to unify and give the president-elect a chance.Tom Cruickshanks, WindsorTrump Dangerous To ClimatePresident-elect Donald Trump has tweeted that "global warming was created by andfor the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing noncompetitive." He hasappointed a global warming denier, Myron Ebell, to lead the transition team atthe Environmental Protection Agency, where he will oversee dismantling federalpolicies directed toward reducing emission rates.Undoing America's leadership role in the world's 2015 agreement to battle globalwarming would not only unleash further U.S. greenhouse gas emissions, but alsounravel the worldwide agreement.Scientists around the globe have clearly shown that burning fossil fuels causesincreased carbon dioxide emissions, and that the added carbon dioxide causeswarming of the planet and its resulting environmental harms. Continuedunconstrained emissions will wreak worsening environmental damage, leaving ourchildren to contend with the consequences.I spoke about the science of global warming to high school students two daysafter the election. They thanked me profusely. It's clear they understood thedangers that continued warming would present for their future. Especially fortheir sakes, we should oppose Trump's policies.Henry E. Auer, New HavenThe writer, who holds a Ph.D. in physical biochemistry, has published the GlobalWarming Blog at warmgloblog.blogspot.com since 2010.Heed Washington's WordsIn 1790, President George Washington wrote a letter to the Jewish congregationof Newport, R.I. Washington said that he hoped the United States would be acountry that gave "to bigotry no sanction, to persecution no assistance."With all the anger and divisiveness we saw in the presidential campaign, I thinkmany Americans would be wise to heed the words of our first president.Thomas D. Witt, MiddletownVoting Result SensationalizedI was disappointed in the Nov. 10 Page 1 headline, "Hope, Anger" for the storyconfirming Donald Trump's election victory. It seemed like emotionalsensationalism. A headline saying simply "Trump Elected President" would havebeen more appropriate, and the subhead could have referred to the dividedreaction of hope and anger.In the same issue, on Page A9, I found Hillary Clinton's comment to "respect thepeaceful transfer of power" disturbing. One of many reasons I voted for DonaldTrump was because I sensed Clinton was ambitious for power. In our republic, weshould have leadership, not power. We need an ethical and responsible leader.Those of us who believe in prayer should pray for our country and itsleadership.Lucinda Hotkowski, Deep River