The war on normalization has begun."The media is starting to normalize Donald Trump, and it should make you veryscared," proclaims a headline at Salon. HBO's haughty in-house mocker, JohnOliver, says, "Optimism is nice if you can swing it, but you've got to becareful, because it can feed into the normalization of Donald Trump - and he'snot normal."There is scads more of this stuff, but I have two points to make, so let's keepmoving.The first point is not particularly new, but it's important to the handful of uswith the sacred right to say, "I told you so."Or put another way: Where the hell were you people before? Throughout theprimaries, Mr. Trump's conservative opponents complained bitterly that themainstream media was normalizing Mr. Trump.No one listened, for three reasons. Mr. Trump was good for ratings (and gotbillions worth of free media as a result). CBS honcho Les Moonves said that Mr.Trump's success "may not be good for America, but it's damn good for CBS."Second, the mainstream media and numerous liberal pundits loved Mr. Trump'simpact on the GOP for the same reason bored teenagers like to throw lit matchesinto dumpsters: Garbage fires are fun to watch.The third reason is closely related to the second: The media thought Mr. Trumpwas more likely to lose to Hillary Clinton. (And so did the Clinton campaignitself, as we learned from WikiLeaks.)In February, Jonathan Chait, a writer for New York Magazine and the author of aforthcoming book explaining how super-terrific Barack Obama's presidency was,wrote a piece titled "Why liberals should support a Trump Republicannomination." He listed three reasons: Mr. Trump would lose, Mr. Trump wouldwreak havoc on the GOP, and Mr. Trump would be better than the other Republicancandidates."If he does win," Mr. Chait wrote, "a Trump presidency would probably wind updoing less harm to the country than a Marco Rubio or a (Ted) Cruz presidency. Itmight even, possibly, do some good."The day after the election, Mr. Chait declared on Twitter "This is the worstthing that has happened in my life."OK, then.Shortly after the election, Slate's Jamelle Bouie wrote a piece titled "There'sno such thing as a good Trump voter," likening some 60 million Americans to aracist lynch mob. Last year, Mr. Bouie penned an article with the headline"Donald Trump is actually a moderate Republican."Of course, Messrs. Chait and Bouie are not alone. Progressive figures such asPaul Krugman, Matt Yglesias, Robert Borosage, Amanda Marcotte and Bill Maher allsaid during the primaries that Mr. Trump was less scary than, say, Messrs. Rubioor Cruz. (See Warren Henry's excellent survey in The Federalist for details.)Isn't it awfully late to be decrying the normalization of Mr. Trump when youwere an early adopter of normalization because you thought the horribleDemocratic nominee would have an easier time beating him?That brings me to my second point: the normalization of the Clintons. Liberalsmay have thought the Trump campaign's exploitation of the women Bill Clintonallegedly (and in some cases admittedly) sexually mistreated was tawdry andbeyond the pale. Fair enough. But you know why such tactics worked? Because BillClinton was tawdry and beyond the pale - but liberals not only normalized him,they lionized him and demonized his critics.You may object to Mr. Trump's allegedly shady business practices - I certainlydo. But I objected to the Clintons' schemes as well. When the Clinton Foundationfinally started to become an issue in the campaign, James Carville insisted that"somebody's going to hell" for daring to question the Olympian goodness ofClinton Inc. That encapsulates how the Clintons responded to all of theircritics: great moral superiority combined with base intimidation.Liberals knew when Bill Clinton ran for president in 1992 that he was a tawdry,corner-cutting cad (and that Hillary Clinton was a conspiratorial schemer). Buthe was on their side, so it was OK. Besides, once elected, he deserved thebenefit of the doubt - even though he won a smaller share of the popular votethan Mr. Trump did - because you only have one president at a time, and in ademocracy, elections are inherently normalizing.Maybe Mr. Trump deserves similar treatment?I'm not trying to start a pointless debate about who is more abnormal (thoughI'd argue that Mr. Trump would win that contest). But it's worth pointing outthat when you spend a long time bending political norms for partisan reasons,those norms eventually break. And this is what you get.Jonah Goldberg is a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute andeditor-at-large of National Review Online. His email is goldbergcolumn@gmail.comTwitter: @JonahNRO.