HOUSTON -- Before the election, gun rights activists were so worried HillaryClinton would win the presidency that some of them bought extra ammunition andguns, fearing a crackdown on certain weapons, bullets and magazines.They're not worried now. Instead, since the election of Donald J. Trump, gunadvocates have been rejoicing, crowing about their political clout and plottingways to eliminate many remaining curbs on gun ownership and use as they awaitone of the most vocal pro-gun presidential candidates ever to enter the WhiteHouse.''We've been threatened. We've been bullied. We've been ridiculed for eightyears,'' said Alice Tripp, legislative director of the Texas State RifleAssociation, the state affiliate of the National Rifle Association. ''I expectthe tone to change. If tone sets policy, then we've got it made.''It was more than just the outcome of the presidential race. Gun advocates playeda role in flipping the State Senate in Iowa from blue to red and helped defeat aballot initiative in Maine that would have required universal background checksfor gun sales.The National Rifle Association spent $50.2 million in seven races this year bysupporting Mr. Trump and six Republican Senate candidates, and it lost only onerace in Nevada, according to an analysis by the Center for Responsive Politicsand The Trace, a nonprofit news outlet that covers gun violence.''Smart politicians all across the country are realizing that if we don't playball with the Second Amendment we will find ourselves unemployed,'' said AaronDorr, executive director of Iowa Gun Owners, whose members distributedinformation about candidates perceived as hostile to the Second Amendment infive State Senate districts. In each, the Democratic incumbent lost.In Kansas and Indiana, voters approved amendments enshrining the right to huntand fish in their Constitutions. And in Maine, David Trahan, executive directorof the Sportsman's Alliance of Maine, which opposed the ballot question onuniversal background checks there, said concerns about restricting lawful guntransfers and a sense that outsiders were dictating Maine's political processhad led to a backlash. The measure was backed by Everytown for Gun Safety, agroup founded in part by Michael R. Bloomberg, a former mayor of New York.Supporters of gun control said the national situation was more nuanced than thegun activists' jubilation suggested. They said it was impossible to say whatrole gun issues had played in Mr. Trump's victory and disputed that the electionwas a national referendum on gun rights. Of the four high-profile state ballotmeasures, gun-control advocates won three and lost one, in Maine.In Washington State, voters passed an initiative allowing for emergency courtorders to temporarily block the right to possess a gun for people perceived asbeing at a higher risk of harming themselves or another person. Californianspassed a measure requiring background checks to buy ammunition. And Nevadavoters approved a ballot measure requiring background checks for almost all guntransfers, beyond what is required by federal law.Jennifer Crowe, who campaigned for the background check measure in Nevada, knownas Question 1, said concerns about homicides and unchecked online gun sales hadhelped her side win despite opposition.''The more we spoke about the online marketplace and how robust it is, the morepeople seemed to understand the importance of Question 1 as a public safetymeasure,'' Ms. Crowe said.Erika Soto Lamb, a spokeswoman for Everytown for Gun Safety, which supported theballot items in Maine, Washington State and Nevada, said the only ''truereferendums on how Americans view the issue of gun safety are the ballotmeasures.'' She said the open discussion of gun control in the campaign and thestate-level wins suggested that ''what has long been considered a third-railissue was in fact a winning issue.''Gun rights advocates say just the opposite, calling Mrs. Clinton's defeat a signthat gun control is an untouchable issue and anticipating an expansion of gunrights with a Trump administration and a Republican-majority Congress.One of the policies being discussed would lift the restrictions that prohibitservice members on military bases and at recruiting centers from being armed.Weapons rules at most military bases and centers prohibit service members whoare not police or security personnel from carrying firearms, and Mr. Trump hassaid he supports banning so-called gun-free zones on military bases. The issuegained new attention after shootings at military sites, including at Fort Hood,Tex., and in Chattanooga, Tenn.''If Nidal Hasan had had somebody shoot him back, he might have hurt and evenkilled a few people, but he wouldn't have killed as many as he did,'' saidValente Gonzalez, an administrator for the advocacy group Open Carry Texas inthe Houston area, referring to the gunman who killed 13 people at Fort Hood in2009. ''Disarming law-abiding people invites chaos.''Other policies include a national right to carry, which would allow those withconcealed-handgun permits in one state to have their permits honored in theother 49 states. Such a move, known as national reciprocity, also has thebacking of Mr. Trump. There is also a push to make silencers easier and lesscostly to purchase by removing them from the National Firearms Act.''We want broad deregulation of firearms,'' said Dudley Brown, the president ofthe National Association for Gun Rights. ''It's high time Republican majoritiesin the executive and legislative branches come in and make some broad, broadchanges. As the saying goes, 'Dance with the ones who brung ya.'''Some gun owners were as surprised as anyone by Mr. Trump's upset victory. C .J.Grisham, a retired Army sergeant and the president of Open Carry Texas, boughttwo AR-15 rifles and an ammunition-making kit shortly before the election, outof concern about a possible Clinton victory.''A lot of people in the gun rights community can breathe again,'' he said. ''Idon't think anybody is complaining that they went and bought extra guns.''Mr. Trump was outspoken about his support for gun rights. He boasted that histwo adult sons were avid hunters. One of his first policy papers was on theSecond Amendment, writing that the ''government has no business dictating whattypes of firearms good, honest people are allowed to own.'' And he talked abouthis New York-issued license to carry a concealed weapon and suggested he wasprepared to use it.''Somebody attacks me, oh, they're gonna be shocked,'' Mr. Trump said during aspeech in Tennessee in 2015, comparing any such attack to ''Death Wish,'' the1970s vigilante movie, and repeatedly using his right hand to pretend to pull apistol from his suit. ''Can you imagine? Somebody says: 'Oh, there's Trump. He'seasy pickings.'''Although Mr. Trump won the endorsement of the N.R.A., his support among gunactivists was not universal. Some were skeptical of him, citing comments he hadmade in years past that he supported an assault-weapons ban. Others noticed thatMr. Trump's plan for his first 100 days in office, released before the election,did not include any gun issues. And at least one of his gun initiatives -- anational right to carry -- has been criticized by gun advocates who do not wantthe federal government involved in concealed-carry permitting. Some gunactivists said the election was as much about defeating Mrs. Clinton as it wasabout supporting Mr. Trump.''Whether they were supportive of Trump or not -- and I know many who were not-- they were more concerned about what a Clinton presidency would do,'' said RodMoeller, president of the Nebraska Firearms Owners Association.URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/22/us/gun-supporters-trump.html