U.S. Rep. Tim Ryan, D-Niles, is considering challenging House Minority LeaderNancy Pelosi.WASHINGTON - Declaring he takes "no joy" in challenging House Democratic LeaderNancy Pelosi of California, Rep. Tim Ryan said without new leadershipcongressional Democrats will "miss the opportunity of a generation" in makingmajor gains in the 2018 elections.Ryan, 43, whose Northeast Ohio district is home to blue-collar working peoplewho voted for Republican President-elect Donald Trump, said in a telephoneinterview he can connect with those voters in ways that a San Franciscoprogressive such as Pelosi cannot."When you see working class people - blue-collar people - going and voting forTrump, that's a failure of the Democratic Party because they felt like we didn'tcare about them," Ryan said. "That just makes my stomach sick.""It's time for us to get off rear ends and start leading," Ryan said. "That'swhy we need new leadership. This is not rocket science. But you have to have theguts to do what is right."Pointing out that parties in power often perform poorly in the first off-yearelections, Ryan said "if we aren't well-positioned with good candidates indistricts all across the United States," in 2018, "then we are going to miss theopportunity of a generation."Although Ryan faces difficult odds in his bid to depose Pelosi, 76, as minorityleader, his challenge is a sign that HouseDemocratsareincreasingly restless withPelosi, a former House speaker and skilled fundraiser. Democrats have notcontrolled the House since the end of 2010.Jim Manley, a former adviser to Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., said"after the last couple of weeks who knows" if Ryan can defeat Pelosi, but headded "it is an uphill battle trending toward highly unlikely."R y a n , w h o s e d i s - trict includes Niles and YoungstownandreachesintoStark County with Alliance and Lexington Township, said Pelosi has not repliedto a long text message and phone message he left for her this week."If you keep losing, it's time to make a change," Ryan said. "We've got to havethe courage to do it. I'm sorry we have to have this conversation. I take no joyin this. I consider Nancy Pelosi a friend and a mentor."Ryan expressed disappointment that Democratic presidential nominee HillaryClinton did not develop a message that could resonate with working class peoplein Ohio and throughout the Midwest.By contrast, former President Bill Clinton in Columbus in late October said his"heart breaks for a lot of people" voting for Trump "who are just so angry andhurt because they think all their tomorrows are going to be like today, theycan't change them and we don't give a rip about them. But we do."Ryan said "these working-class people who struggle every single day to make endsmeet and keep food on their table think our party is not for them. Our party wasalways the party of the average American, the working class American. It bothersme so much that here we are."