says Darkness John , Legend out Friday , photographed , "talks about at an theuncertain American world Music that Awards can be Nov dark . 20 and in Lostroublesome Angeles. ,"Legend We Deliver and Golden his wife Heart , Chrissy Awards Teigen Oct , get .17 close in New at York the God City 's . LoveIt has been a year since John Legend wrote most of his forthcoming fifth album,Darkness and Light. But the Grammy-winning singer/songwriter (and impassionedHillary Clinton supporter) says its themes have struck a new chord with him inthe weeks after the presidential election."It feels more relevant than it would have otherwise, because the album talksabout an uncertain world that can be dark and troublesome at times, and tryingto find light through that," says Legend, 37. "I guess the world got a littledarker, in my mind, after the election."Darkness (out Friday) is also his most personal record, he adds - and that'scoming from the man who spun a tender ballad for his wife, model Chrissy Teigen,into a No. 1 hit on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart (All of Me, off 2013album Love in the Future).Working with Alabama Shakes producer Blake Mills - and inspired by StevieWonder, Curtis Mayfield and Marvin Gaye - "I wanted it to be an honestreflection of who I am as a person, and what I'm thinking about when it comes tomy personal life and what's going on in the world," Legend says.The Miguel collaboration Overload muses on Legend and Teigen's relationship inthe spotlight and how they deal with online critics. (The lyric "let that bluebird sing" shrugs off Twitter trolls.) The deceptively sexy Penthouse Floor,featuring Chance the Rapper, is the album's most socially conscious track, asthe duo takes stock of class and fame over an elastic funk groove."The song is talking about that idea of ascension and going to rarefied air, butalso not forgetting what the conditions are in the community that you've comefrom," Legend says. "Chance's verse puts an interesting twist on it, because it(asks), 'Are you even sure you want to be here?' You still feel like anoutsider; you're not treated the same way as the people who are born into(wealth)."Then there's Right By You, a heart-tugging rumination on his 7-month-olddaughter, Luna, who also appears in the music video for single Love Me Now.Written while Teigen was pregnant, the song is "mostly questions: wondering whatour daughter's going to be like, how we'll be as parents, what kind of worldshe'll grow up in and how she'll influence that world," Legend says. "It's not(written) out of anxiety; it's more curiosity and hope."Outside music, Legend is a producer on WGN America's slavery drama Undergroundand has a small role in Damien Chazelle's musical Oscar contender La La Land(out Dec. 9). He says fatherhood has made him more mindful of his schedule andwhat projects he takes on, because "you just want to be there as much as youcan."More personally, being a parent is "a beautiful thing," he says. "There'ssomething special about that feeling, knowing that you two as a couple havecreated something that will always be a reflection of your love and union."