Market Investors -wise are , driving it's thumbs stock up prices for Presidentand valuations -elect Donald higher Trump on a . bet the nation's financialpicture will improve markedly.The stock market rally following Donald Trump's White House win has made analready expensive U.S. stock market even more so, raising questions aboutwhether Wall Street is pricing in a too rosy financial scenario.Wall Street had been warning that stocks were getting rich relative to corporateprofits - and that was before the presidential election. Since then, theStandard & Poor's 500 stock index has rallied nearly 3%, stretching valuationseven more. Since Election Day, the price-to-earnings (P-E) ratio, a commonmetric used to measure whether stocks are cheap or overvalued, have swelledfurther to 17.1 times earnings from 16.2 times, which is well above thelong-term average of 15.3 over the past 30 years, according to Thomson Reuters.To be sure, the market is less expensive than during the peak of thedot-com-stock boom in March 2000 when the S&P 500 P-E reached 22.7 timesearnings, and well above the 10.4 multiple following Lehman Brothers' bankruptcyin October 2008 and the 11.7 P-E at the bear market low in March 2009, ThomsonReuters data show. (Other P-E metrics, which are calculated slightlydifferently, point to a market that's even more expensive relative to historicalnorms.)So, is all the good news already priced into shares? Or will investors continueto pay up for stocks - causing so-called "P-E expansion" - amid hopes thatTrump's plan to slash taxes, reduce costly regulations and spend big oninfrastructure projects will lead to a stronger economy and fatter profits forU.S. companies."The market is pricing in great expectations," says David Kotok, chiefinvestment officer at Cumberland Advisors. "There is little margin fordisappointment. From now on more care is needed. The tailwind of a Trump victoryhas morphed into a light breeze."The more bullish take is that Trump's policies will result in a big enough boostin economic growth and corporate earnings to make any short-term claims ofovervaluation irrelevant."When there is a quantum shift in growth expectations, the arithmetic of P-Emultiples fails to capture the value in stocks," argues Don Luskin, chiefinvestment officer at TrendMacro. "Why look at this quarter's earnings, or forthat matter why just look one year ahead, to appraise what a company might earn?If America is really going to be great again, stock prices should look toabove-trend earnings growth that could last for several years. That will makestocks appear expensive, but they're really not."For now, investors are driving stock prices - and valuations - higher on a betthe nation's financial picture will improve markedly. If that bet is correct,P-E ratios will fall as earnings rise, adds Brian Belski, chief investmentstrategist at BMO Capital Markets.Jim Paulsen, citing a different perspective, says the stock market's currentvaluation is "not excessive."Historically, he says, in bull markets the market has been able to sustain P-Esat around 20 times earnings minus the annual rate of core consumer priceinflation. "Currently," he says, "core inflation is 2.1%, but I think it isheaded for 3%, which means a P-E of about 17 is probably a sustainable multiplefor the overall market."The key factor, Paulsen adds, is how corporate earnings actually come in.