Before 2016, we have only had seven Catholic vice-presidential candidates inAmerican history: William Miller (1964), Ed Muskie (1968), Thomas Eagleton(1972), Sargent Shriver (Eagleton's replacement, 1972), Geraldine Ferraro(1984), Paul Ryan (2012), and our current vice president, Joe Biden (2008,2012). This means that in January, Mike Pence will become just the secondCatholic vice president we have ever had - or "Evangelical-Catholic" as he callshimself. And there has been only one Catholic president: John F. Kennedy.Despite this slight presence in nationwide office, the Catholic vote is one ofthe key bellwethers that determines who will win the presidency. For generationsnow, since the 1950s in fact, whoever has won the Catholic vote has generallywon the Oval Office. In 2004, Bush won 52 percent of the Catholic vote toKerry's 47 percent. In 2008, Obama won 54 percent to McCain's 45 percent. And in2012, Obama won 50 percent to Romney's 48 percent. The only recent electionwhere the winner of the Catholic vote did not take the presidency was in 2000,when Gore won the Catholic vote by 50 percent to 47 percent, though of coursethat election was fraught with scandal, meaning that the Catholic vote may stillhave accurately determined the rightful president.So, what effect did the Catholic vote have in 2016?CNN's exit polls show that Trump/Pence took the Catholic vote by 52 percent to45 percent. Given the large numbers of Catholics in swing states such asFlorida, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin - all states that Trump won- winning the Catholic vote by a notable margin certainly helped him achievevictory overall.Clinton made the smart move of putting Tim Kaine on the ticket, and it seemed tohave worked, with polls several weeks ahead of the election showing her wellahead among this demographic, but leaked emails from her campaign insultingCatholic voters turned many against her. This scandal went largely unnoticed inthe mainstream media, but Catholic news outlets and social media groupsdiscussed it at length. And Pence's Catholic background likely offset Kaine'spull for Catholic voters. Additionally, never before have pre-Election Day pollsbeen so far off, and polls of Catholic voters were no exception.More generally speaking, what makes the Catholic vote so interesting and socentral in determining the presidency is that Catholic beliefs do not neatly fitinto the platform of either major party. On issues such as abortion and birthcontrol, Catholic teaching is at odds with the Democratic Party, but on issuesof social justice such as the death penalty and poverty relief, it is at oddswith the Republican Party. This means that Catholic voters are more likely toswitch which party they support from election to election, or even race to racewithin a given year, than other demographics are. They are therefore that mostprized commodity in the electoral economy - the swayable swing vote.Future presidential candidates would do well to focus large sums of cash andenergy on courting this key voting bloc.Okla Elliott, Ph.D., is an assistant professor at Misericordia University inDallas, Pa.Okla Elliott, Ph.D.