Contraceptive optionsLong-acting reversible contraceptive methods include several types ofintrauterine devices and an implant. All have an effectiveness rate of over 99percent and can be removed  anytime and will not permanently affect fertility.IUDs are small  T-shaped rods inserted in the uterus that  prevent pregnancy byusing either hormones or copper to prevent sperm from reaching the cervix.The Paraguard IUD is a nonhormonal method that lasts for up to 12 years.  It cancause heavier menstrual bleeding and cramping.Hormonal IUD options include Mirena, which lasts six years, and Skyla andLiletta, which last three.The implant is a thin, flexible plastic rod inserted in the arm that  releaseshormones  and can prevent pregnancy for three years.In the days following the presidential election, some people celebrated. Othersmourned. And a handful called Planned Parenthood, hoping to get long-actingbirth control before the new administration takes office.Planned Parenthood of Greater Washington and North Idaho, which operates a dozenclinics, saw a 76 percent increase in appointments seeking a long-actingreversible contraceptive method in the week following the election. Thosemethods include four types of intrauterine devices, or IUDs, and a hormonalimplant.It's not just Washington. Google searches for "IUD" also spiked in the U.S. inthe two days following the election, Google Trends shows. Planned Parenthood ofMassachusetts saw a 16-fold increase in IUD appointment requests, and doctors inother areas have reported similar trends.Women are concerned about a possible repeal of the Affordable Care Act, whichrequired all health insurance plans to cover birth control without a copay, saidTiffany Harms, Planned Parenthood spokeswoman."They're directly citing that as the reason why they're calling," she said.President-elect Donald Trump has pledged to repeal Obamacare in his first 100days in office. A Republican alternative health care proposal, posted on HouseSpeaker Paul Ryan's website, does not mention coverage for birth control ormandating insurers to cover any specific forms of health care.Washington law requires health insurance plans to cover contraceptives if theycover other prescription drugs, without waiting periods. Insurers would be ableto charge copayments if the federal law were repealed.Long-acting birth control methods like IUDs are among the most effective formsof contraception, with effectiveness rates over 99 percent. Because they'reinserted by a doctor and left in place, there's no room for user error, likeforgetting to take a pill or putting a condom on incorrectly."We call it get it and forget it," Harms said.In spite of their effectiveness, long-acting methods are not widely used in theUnited States. A 2015 study in the journal Contraception found just 12 percentof American women used the devices. Among family planning providers, a muchlarger number - 42 percent - opted for long-acting methods.Though they can be cheaper than a monthly prescription for a hormonal birthcontrol pill, IUDs are expensive upfront, costing between $500 and $1,000 forthe device and insertion."The first IUD I got, I saved up for it," said Rachel Todd, the educationdirector at Planned Parenthood.The high cost of long-acting methods has left some women eager to make sure theywon't be footing the bill if Obamacare goes away.Cheney resident Beth Robinette, 29, got a Mirena IUD in 2013. Though it's gooduntil 2019, she's planning to get it removed and have a new one inserted by theend of the year."I'm going to go ahead and do it before there's any chance of those thingschanging," she said.Robinette previously used a hormonal ring, but switched to the IUD because shewanted a birth control method with a lower hormonal dose that she didn't have tothink about. Her insurance covered the full cost."It was a lot of money. Definitely more money than I had in my checking andsavings combined," she said.Providers  for the Rockwood Health System and Community Health Association ofSpokane also can supply women with  a full spectrum of birth control devicesincluding long-acting birth control.Kirstin Johnson, a certified nurse midwife who works for  CHAS, said she's alsobeen seeing more patients wanting IUDs since the election."Instead of three a week it's three a day," she said.Though she hasn't tracked exact numbers, the increased demand has led her todouble CHAS' ordering of the devices in case "there's a run on IUDs from themanufacturers," she said.Sarah MacDonald, 30, a Seattle resident, is also considering switching from acontraceptive pill to an IUD.Before Obamacare mandated birth control coverage, she paid out of pocket for herpills. Her prescription was written for a hormone combination, not a particularbrand, so her monthly out-of-pocket cost ranged from $35 to $75 per monthdepending on which brand her pharmacy stocked.That uncertainty made it hard for her to budget. When she was younger, she alsolived 25 miles from a pharmacy, which made picking up a monthly prescriptiondifficult."People don't realize how hard it can be to get contraceptives and contraceptivecoverage," she said.She'd like to have a  longer-term method in place in case her insurance stopscovering the full cost, she said."The future of the Affordable Care Act and health insurance in general is veryuncertain," she said. "That's what's really pushed me over in stronglyconsidering it and pursuing it."Though health care providers understand concerns over a possible Obamacarerepeal, they also said insurance coverage isn't likely to change immediately."Everything's already been negotiated for insurance coverage for 2017," Johnsonsaid. "A new president coming in Jan. 20 isn't going to change anything Jan. 1."CHAS can't subsidize the cost of birth control devices, Johnson said, but itdoes offer appointments, including for device insertion, on a sliding scale topeople without insurance. Planned Parenthood also has a sliding scale for birthcontrol and appointments.Harms said Planned Parenthood will remain committed to providing birth controlaccess for everyone, regardless of whether insurance coverage changes. Theorganization's founders were arrested in the early 1900s for distributinginformation on contraception in violation of obscenity laws."The foundation of Planned Parenthood is to provide these services no matterwhat happens," Harms said.Also todayAnalysis considers future of Supreme Court. News, A3Contraceptive