WASHINGTON -- If they squint hard enough, they can see hope in the form of anambitious piece of legislation like a big tax cut. Then there is the fact thatHillary Clinton will not be president. And Mike Pence, the faithfullyconservative vice president-elect, is there to keep watch.Those conservatives who insisted that electing Donald J. Trump president wouldbe a grievous mistake -- a group that included governors, senators, radio hosts,prominent columnists and some of the most savvy political operators in thecountry -- are now saying they see an upside to four years of a Trump WhiteHouse.But even as they find small reassurances, those who counted themselves part ofthe Trump opposition are wondering what their place will be for the next fouryears in a Republican Party they can hardly recognize. And they have begun toponder what it all means for a conservative movement they thought theyunderstood better.''Oh God,'' said Charlie Sykes, the Wisconsin radio host who became a vocalopponent of Mr. Trump's during the Republican primaries. He was describing howhe had arrived at peace with the election results; then, he said, he realizedthat he had not done so at all. ''You kind of have to re-evaluate a lot of whatyou thought about the shape of reality,'' he said. ''It's not just that you'rewrong; it's that you fundamentally misread what happened.''What is so disorienting for many conservatives is that the Trump victory was theculmination of the unruly populist upwelling in American politics, firstmanifested in the Tea Party movement, that traditional Republicans thought theycould eventually absorb. Instead, those forces have overtaken them one by one --first claiming their House majority leader, Eric Cantor; then their speaker,John A. Boehner; and then an entire field of presidential candidates.Now it may claim their party. Some on Mr. Trump's team are already boasting howthey plan to break with decades of conservative orthodoxy on government spendingand pursue a huge infrastructure spending package that sounds more Rooseveltthan Reagan.''The conservatives are going to go crazy,'' Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump'ssenior counselor and chief strategist, gleefully told The Hollywood Reporter inan interview published Friday. ''With negative interest rates throughout theworld, it's the greatest opportunity to rebuild everything -- shipyards,ironworks, get them all jacked up,'' said Mr. Bannon, who has aimed almost asmuch fire at what he regards as establishment Republicans as he has atDemocrats. ''It will be as exciting as the 1930s, greater than the Reaganrevolution.''Some conservatives say they could surely live with a few of the proposals of Mr.Trump's they find worrisome, like a big spending bill, especially if they comewith sweeteners like tax breaks or spending cuts in other areas.The easiest way to forge ahead, many are finding, is to disassociate the manfrom the policy.''I will do everything I can to help him,'' said Senator Lindsey Graham,Republican of South Carolina, who has refused on numerous other occasions tohelp Mr. Trump, including voting for him or attending the Republican NationalConvention. Mr. Graham told reporters on Capitol Hill this week that he believedhe could work with Mr. Trump on issues like the military budget, which both mensupport expanding.Americans for Prosperity, the political advocacy group supported by David andCharles Koch that decided not to spend any money on the presidential race thisyear despite spending tens of millions to help Mitt Romney in 2012, is alsocracking the door to Mr. Trump. The group, however, declined to say whether ithad met or spoken to anyone inside Mr. Trump's transition team.''We're encouraged on several fronts by the possibility of the RepublicanCongress working with the new president,'' said Tim Phillips, Americans forProsperity's president, citing the prospect of repealing some of PresidentObama's energy policies along with the Affordable Care Act.But as with any period of grief, acceptance comes in different ways. Some findcatharsis in writing. Others console themselves in data that show they reallywere not all that wrong. Then there are those who still talk as if they are inmourning: They have good days and bad days.''Life goes on,'' said Bill Kristol, the Weekly Standard editor and leading''Never Trump'' stalwart, who has written columns about his coming to terms withPresident-elect Trump.Any given day, Mr. Kristol said in an interview, he feels a range of competingsentiments. ''I'm sort of somewhere between 'trust but verify' and 'distrust butverify,' '' he said, using modified versions of Reagan's famous quote about howhe approached negotiating with the Soviets.On the subject of Reagan -- it is hard not to talk to conservatives today aboutMr. Trump and not have them wistfully invoke their standard-bearer -- Mr.Kristol said he feared people were drawing parallels to Mr. Trump that risksetting the wrong standards for success.''The Reagan revolution wasn't that he beat Jimmy Carter in 1980,'' he said.''Not that I didn't love that. The Reagan Revolution was that he governedsuccessfully for eight years and won the Cold War.''Others are concerned that the conservative movement missed an opportunity toappeal to a younger and more diverse group of voters. And they wonder how itwill do so with someone as divisive as Mr. Trump atop the Republican Party.Steve Deace, a conservative radio host in Iowa and prominent ''Never Trump''figure, pointed to the tens of thousands of voters in Wisconsin and Michigan --states Mr. Trump barely won -- who voted in other races but did not cast a votefor president, evidently because they could not bring themselves to vote forhim.''That's not lightning in a bottle,'' he said, making the point that Mr. Trumprepelled so many voters that he almost lost. ''That's like you showed up forwork and they said this is your last paycheck and you and your wife go to LasVegas, put it all on black and it pays off.''Mr. Sykes, the radio personality in Wisconsin, said he at least felt liberated.By not supporting Trump he does not feel compelled to defend him like so many ofhis conservative friends do.Mr. Sykes has been writing a new book, which he tentatively titled ''How theRight Lost Its Mind.'' But he is struggling to finish it.''Obviously I thought it was going to have a different ending,'' he said, askingaloud what he still struggles with. ''How did this happen? Who are your friends?What do they actually believe?''Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and in theMorning Briefing newsletter.URL: