Americans should be "extremely alarmed" about the impact computer hacking had onthe presidential election, said former U.S. Attorney David Hickton.Hacked emails released by WikiLeaks that were taken from the Democratic NationalCommittee and Democrat Hillary Clinton's campaign operatives should be treatedas stolen property, said Hickton, who President Obama in 2010 appointed WesternPennsylvania's top federal prosecutor.Hickton spoke to the Tribune-Review in his first interview since leaving officeat midnight Monday, becoming the first U.S. Attorney to resign after RepublicanDonald Trump was elected president."There was a whole stream of incidents that, at least in the perception of thepublic, were creating a side story. And when you look actually at how somecountries, including Russia, have tried to use the democratic process to achievetheir national aims ... I think we all should be extremely alarmed," saidHickton, who plans to stay in Western Pennsylvania and remain involved in issuesthat his office prosecuted, such as cybersecurity but also opioid abuse andcivil-rights violations."It's hard to think about David Hickton only in terms about WesternPennsylvania," said Kristopher Rush, a technical director at the SoftwareEngineering Institute's CERT Division in Oakland. "He clearly had a nationalimpact and one would argue an international impact as well."Under Hickton, the U.S. Attorney's office in Downtown Pittsburgh "" but whichcovers 25 counties across Western Pennsylvania, including Westmoreland ""prosecuted watershed cybersecurity cases that showed how a local jurisdictioncould take on an international issue, said Matt LaVigna, president and CEO ofthe National Cyber-Forensics & Training Alliance, a nonprofit with offices inPittsburgh, New York City and Los Angeles."The cases that his office worked weren't the first cyber cases, but it would betough to make the argument there were bigger ones," LaVigna said.Hickton's landmark cyber case led to charges against five members of the ChinesePeople's Liberation Army. Two other high-profile cases "" bringing down theGameOver Zeus botnet that had been used to steal more than $100 million acrossthe United States, and disrupting the Darkode internet crime ring "" involvedhackers in Russia, among other places.Looking ahead, Hickton said he believes Trump has been too friendly with Russiaand perhaps too hard on the Chinese.The United States and China must remain partners, and it would be a mistake toignore Russia as a cyber threat, he said."(Trump) certainly made statements about Russia that would concern me. And maybe(those statements) shouldn't be taken seriously yet at this point because he'snot president and doesn't have all of the information," Hickton said. "We oughtnot to be talking about Russia as if they're not an adversary because theyclearly are."