If you think back to this year's presidential campaign and recall a lot ofarticles mentioning Hillary Clinton's email troubles and Donald J. Trump'svarious controversies, you wouldn't be wrong. If it seems there were fewerarticles about jobs, the economy and taxes, that's because there were. Thetemptation to blame news organizations for this imbalance is strong, but thereis at least some reason to resist it. Critics have long assailed campaigncoverage as focused too much on candidate personality, campaign strategy andassessments of who's winning, instead of on policies and ideas. But this year,the candidates share the blame.I compared the content of campaign ads with the content of news articles abouttwo specific topics: candidate traits or characteristics, and the economy orjobs. Both the candidates and news organizations spent more time discussing thecandidates' fitness for office (or lack of it) than they did the nation'seconomy. And the imbalance grew more lopsided as the election approached.Using analytic tools provided by Crimson Hexagon, I categorized the campaignnews coverage of 23 media outlets. This consisted of four broadcast networks;three cable news networks; National Public Radio and Hugh Hewitt on the radio;two online news sites; and 12 newspapers.I specifically searched for news about Mrs. Clinton's campaign and her emailserver or her campaign and WikiLeaks, and several controversies connected to Mr.Trump's campaign (including things like Trump University, the Khan family andthe ''Access Hollywood'' video).I also looked for news about the candidates' campaign appeals on the economy andjobs. This list isn't exhaustive, but it gives a sense of the trade-off betweencoverage of these controversies and the economy.The candidates' controversies received more coverage, on average, than theirviews on the economy. From June until Election Day, 38 percent of the storiesmentioned Mr. Trump's various missteps, and 35 percent mentioned Mrs. Clinton'semail.Only 17 percent mentioned Mr. Trump and jobs or the economy, and only 10 percentcited Mrs. Clinton's campaign and the economy.Closer to the election, from Oct. 8 on, the numbers got even more lopsided. Thiswas an important date -- just after the release of the ''Access Hollywood''video and a few weeks before F.B.I. Director James B. Comey's letter toCongress. From this point, 53 percent of the campaign articles mentioning eithercontroversies or the economy discuss Mrs. Clinton's email, while only 6 percentmention her alongside jobs or the economy. As for Mr. Trump, 31 percent mentionhis entanglements, while 10 percent mention him related to jobs and the economy.The imbalance in coverage of the candidates' character is striking, as is thelack of coverage about the economy compared with the controversies. Moving oneweek past the video release, between Oct. 15 and Election Day, roughly half (56percent) of the stories about scandals and the economy mentioned Mrs. Clinton'semails, and only a quarter (26 percent) discussed Mr. Trump and his imbroglios.A mere 7 percent of the stories in these last three weeks mentioned Mrs. Clintonand the economy (11 percent mentioned Mr. Trump and the economy).These choices have consequences. According to the Gallup Organization,Americans' reports of what they heard or read about Mrs. Clinton between Juneand September were mainly references to her handling of emails during her timeas secretary of state. In contrast, mentions of Mr. Trump changed week by week,tracking what was happening on the campaign trail.But before anyone blames the news media, it's important to examine what thecandidates themselves were talking about over the course of the campaign. Ifmedia reports reflect candidate discourse accurately, then it is not merely themedia choosing to report on scandals. It might be at least as much thecandidates' choosing to campaign on them that results in unending coverage oftraits and characteristics.To figure out if this was the case, I used data from Kantar Media/CMAG on allthe candidates' campaign ads aired between June and Election Day. I coded all ofthe appeals in each ad and weighted the appeals by how many times the ads ran ontelevision. Mrs. Clinton made more ads than Mr. Trump, and she vastlyout-advertised him, running nearly three times as many ads as he did. All told,over half a million ads were run in 2016 during this period.The content of the ads is revealing. Both candidates spent most of theirtelevision advertising time attacking the other person's character. In fact, thelosing candidate's ads did little else. More than three-quarters of the appealsin Mrs. Clinton's advertisements (and nearly half of Mr. Trump's) were abouttraits, characteristics or dispositions. Only 9 percent of Mrs. Clinton'sappeals in her ads were about jobs or the economy. By contrast, 34 percent ofMr. Trump's appeals focused on the economy, jobs, taxes and trade.Since the start of presidential campaign television advertising in 1952, nocampaign has made 76 percent of its television ad appeals about any singletopic. On average, traits typically garner about 22 percent of the appeals. Theeconomy typically generates about 28 percent of the appeals. There's usuallymuch more balance.Of course, this was an unusual election year, with two very unpopularcandidates, so the candidates' flaws may have simply been too big a story foreither them or the media to pass up. Whatever the reason, the criterion offitness for office dominated the Clinton campaign's messaging and made up a goodshare of the Trump messaging as well, and the news media covered it.The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy andeveryday life. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Sign up for our newsletter.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/23/upshot/this-election-was-not-about-the-issues-blame-the-candidates.html