The tens of thousands of nonviolent protesters taking to the streets againstDonald Trump are exercising their constitutional rights. But they are wrong todeclare that Trump is not their president: He won legitimately and, support himor not, he will be president of all Americans.That's not sufficient for his chief cheerleaders. Republican National CommitteeChairman Reince Priebus, Trump's designated White House chief of staff, assertedthat the president-elect won a "historic landslide" and Kellyanne Conway, hiscampaign manager, claimed he won a "mandate" from the voters.Trump did win the Electoral College, making his elevation to the presidencybeyond dispute.That's it. David Wasserman, analyst at the Cook Political Report, estimatesHillary Clinton will win the popular vote by more than 2 million, four times themargin achieved in 2000 by Al Gore, who also lost the Electoral College.In the history of U.S. presidential elections, no president-elect has ever lostthe popular vote by as much as Trump. This is not the stuff of a mandate.If his slim margin in Michigan holds, Trump probably won 306 electoral votes.That is far fewer than the number of electors captured by George H.W. Bush, BillClinton and Barack Obama. This is not the stuff of landslides.Unfortunately, little that Trump has done since Nov. 8 has reassured skeptics orhelped close the wounds, most of which he opened. The transition is chaotic,reflecting a leader who has given little thought to the responsibilities andrequirements of leading a great nation.The appointment of the alt-right provocateur Steve Bannon to top White Housecounselor, and of Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-Ala. ccc who was rejected for a federaljudgeship in the 1980s after allegations that he had made racist comments ccc asattorney general, further rattled already unnerved racial and religiousminorities. Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner, whose marriage to thepresident-elect's daughter is his chief qualification, is playing a major rolein assembling the new administration. Reports suggest he was responsible fordumping the transition chief, Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, whosuccessfully prosecuted Kushner's father for tax evasion and jury tampering adecade ago.This doesn't engender confidence. Neither does the range of people underconsideration for top cabinet posts. Rudy Giuliani for secretary of state?It's not unusual for a president-elect to shade or adjust campaign promises andpolicies to reflect realities. But no one has seemed to wing it the way Trumpis.He could be backtracking on a huge effort to deport undocumented immigrants: Henow says he may only go after criminals, which the Obama administration alreadyis doing, though Trump estimates the number of those who could be rounded up at2 million to 3 million, possibly 10 times the actual level. He's pulling back onrepealing all of Obamacare, but may be open to breaking his campaign vow not tocut back on Medicare. Let's not even get into the crossed signals on nationalsecurity.Even the tough anti-lobbying restrictions, which the transition team says barslobbyists from participating, contain a giant loophole: Candidates need onlyderegister as lobbyists to qualify to be appointed to oversee the area theylobbied.Some Trump supporters rationalize the protests by drawing an analogy to theconcerns expressed after Ronald Reagan was elected in 1980.That's a false parallel. Then, many Democrats worried about the Republicanpresident-elect's campaign pronouncements and positions. But he had served eightyears as governor of California, which he led with common-sense conservatism,and he wasn't a hater and had surrounded himself with experienced adults suchJames Baker.Apart from policy concerns, Trump is coming into office after hurling insults atwomen, blacks, Hispanics, Muslims and people with disabilities. There is no onearound him who remotely resembles Jim Baker.Conway charged that the protests "degrade the office of the presidency." Someoneshould tell her about the First Amendment. Trump initially blamed "professionalprotesters, incited by the media." But the reactions and protests werespontaneous. Sixth- and seventh-graders at an inner-city charter school inWashington were in tears the morning after the election. There has been a surgeof racist attacks on social media and even on elite university campuses. Theworry is that Trump's behavior has given greater license to this ugliness.Only by his words, actions, appointments and something almost unheard of forhim, a few apologies, can he start to mitigate the damage.Post-election public opinion surveys capture the situation. Thepresident-elect's favorable ratings have risen a bit, to 42 percent, accordingto the latest Gallup poll, but 55 percent of the public still has an unfavorableview, the highest negative for an incoming president in modern history. In aWashington Post poll, only three of 10 respondents said Trump had a mandate forhis agenda.He has to earn confidence and trust; he's not off to an auspicious start.