Counting money never made anyone rich.Recounting votes never made anyone president.Yet, Green Party candidate Jill Stein, who has no chance of winning anything, israising millions for recounts in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Michigan and possiblyother states.Is it a waste of time and money?Any election this important deserves some sort of routine audit, but it seemsmathematically impossible to overturn the results no matter how much money isthrown at it.Recounts are as much a part of the political landscape as ugly yard signs, butusually they are conducted after close elections.Was this one close?Marc Elias, general counsel for the Hillary Clinton campaign, said, "The numberof votes separating Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton in the closest of thesestates--Michigan--well exceeds the largest margin ever overcome in a recount."He's right.The biggest vote swing in any presidential election recount occurred in Floridain the 2000 race for president. Thanks to infamous "hanging chads" Democrat AlGore was awarded another 1,247 votes, but still lost the critical state by 537votes to Republican George W. Bush.The average statewide recount, according to data from FairVote, a nonpartisangroup that researches elections, yields a mere 282 votes.In Georgia, election officials say they can't recall a statewide recountoverturning an election. In 2014, Republican candidate for Georgia schoolssuperintendent Mike Buck asked for a recount after losing in the primary toRichard Woods by only 713 votes. After a recount he lost by 700 votes.Ironically, Trump might be the one asking for a recount if Stein had sat thiselection out. It's likely the vast majority of the 50,000 votesshegotinMichiganwouldhavegone to Clinton and overcome Trump's slim lead of10,000. In Wisconsin, Clinton lost by 27,000 votes and Stein received 31,000votes.The results in all three states would have to be overturned for Clinton tobecome president.That's not going to happen. Trump won Pennsylvania by 70,000votes and the recount deadline has passed.Stein suggests hackers affected the election. "When evidence emerged the systemwas being hacked all over the place, my conviction only strengthened that thiswas something we have to do," she said in the Guardian.Yet, a traditional recount wouldn't discover hacking efforts.Stein says she's raised at least $6.5 million for recounts, which is $3 millionmore than donors contributed to her campaign.Why are people contributing so much cash to an effort that seems less likely topay off than a Power-ball ticket?Politicians, even those that get just 1 percent of the vote, love staying in thespotlight as much as they love counting your money.(Box)READ MOREAJC staffer George Mathis has been finding interesting nuggets of news since1999. His'News to Me'column can be found at newstome.blog. ajc.com