Pence President welcome -elect Mitt Donald Romney Trump as and he arrives VicePresident for a day -elect of meet Mike - ings at the clubhouse of the TrumpNational Golf Club.Mitt Romney, who for months told the American public Donald Trump was unfit forthe White House, spent more than an hour Saturday talking to the president-electon global affairs.The meeting began around 1 p.m. at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, N.J.,with Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence greeting the 2012 GOPpresidential nominee at the clubhouse door. It ended around 2:20 p.m. with Trumpseeing him off, and Romney making a brief statement to reporters.It was "a far-reaching conversation with regards to the various theaters in theworld where there are interests of the United States of real significance,"Romney said. "We discussed those areas and exchanged our views on those topics.(It was) a very thorough and in-depth discussion in the time we had, and Iappreciated the chance to speak with the president-elect and look forward to thecoming administration."As Romney approached reporters, Trump cupped his hands around his mouth and said"it went great," according to a pool report.There was no confirmation or suggestion of a job offer despite reports ofRomney's interest in the secretary of State post. Analysts say it's doubtfulTrump would offer a job in his administration or that Romney would accept itgiven the verbal jabs they exchanged on the trail.Former Arkansas governor and Trump confidant Mike Huckabee said it "doesn't makeany sense" to give someone who was such a vocal critic a top Cabinet post."To give a guy a job who basically said all his supporters were following a conman, I just think that would be an insult to the voters," Huckabee told Fox Newson Saturday.During the campaign, Romney called Trump a "phony ... a fraud... (and) a conman," among other pointed criticisms. Trump responded that Romney was"irrelevant (and) a choke artist."Romney was the first of several high-profile visitors meeting with Trump andPence this weekend. Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani and New Jersey Gov.Chris Christie were expected to meet with Trump on Sunday.Also on the schedule: former Washington, D.C., Schools chancellor Michelle Rhee,school voucher advocate Betsy DeVos, retired U.S. Marine Corps general JamesMattis, Chicago Cubs owner and GOP fundraiser Todd Ricketts, Center forNeighborhood Enterprises President Bob Woodson, Republican National Committeefinance chair and businessman Lew Eisenberg (Commerce), surgeon and businessmanPatrick Soon-Shiong, conservative writer John Gray, immigration hard-liner KrisKobach, venture capitalist Wilbur Ross, BET founder Robert Johnson and globalinvestor David McCormick.