To supporters of Hillary Clinton, the number looks intoxicating: 155 electors instates where the popular vote went for Donald Trump -- some by slim margins --who apparently aren't legally bound to vote for the GOP presidential nomineewhen the Electoral College meets Dec. 19.Solicit them like lobbyists schmooze members of Congress, right? Persuade just aportion, and you've got the first woman president, winner of the popular vote,certified by a constitutional authority. She's got 232 in the bag. She wouldneed 38 "faithless electors" to win this game.That's the problem with this particular political fantasy. Though electors inseveral states report that they're getting thousands of emails, letters and eventelephone calls to ask them to switch their votes, they're among the RepublicanParty's most loyal members."I fully intend to vote for Donald Trump," said Jim Skaggs of Bowling Green,Ky., one of that state's eight electors, who added that he really doesn't likeTrump. "It's not a law, I don't think. ... But I think it's a duty."He's right. Kentucky is one of 28 states, according to the CongressionalResearch Service and additional USA TODAY research, that don't mandate theirelectors to vote for the winner of their state's popular vote. The Constitutionand federal law are silent on the matter.More than 4.5 million supporters have signed a Change.org petition advocatingelectors' change of heart, but the desire is little more than a pipe dream,election experts said. Two Democratic electors in Colorado and Washington state,where Clinton won the electoral votes and electors are obligated under state lawto vote for her, have launched their own movement that they've dubbed "MoralElectors" to achieve the same result -- or more likely throw the decision to theHouse of Representatives as happened in 1824."This is a long shot. It's a Hail Mary," P. Bret Chiafalo of Everett, Wash.,told Politico. "However, I do see situations where -- when we've already had twoor three (Republican) electors state publicly they didn't want to vote forTrump. How many of them have real issues with Donald Trump in private?"Where Chiafalo sees a Hail Mary play, some Trump electors consider the dramamore as harassment."Hillary's got a great campaign going," said Sharon Geise, an elector from Mesa,Ariz., who estimates 8,000 emails have flooded her inbox. "It's the same thing,pretty much. Basically: Vote for Hillary Clinton. It's bizarre. I don't dareanswer my phone."A dozen letters urging her to back anybody but Trump arrived at her homeThursday. "She has to stop all of this," Geise said of Clinton. "This isridiculous."It's not clear whether Clinton supports this movement. She conceded to Trump onthe day after the election, and President Obama, who endorsed his formersecretary of State, committed to a smooth transition of power.Even delegations from states such as Florida that can inflict penalties forvoting by conscience instead of popular vote haven't escaped activists' barrage.In Florida, a faithless elector would be charged with a misdemeanor, prohibitedfrom casting an Electoral College vote and replaced, presumably with analternate more faithful to the popular-vote results in the state, said FranitaTolson, a voting rights law professor at Florida State University. Thatelector's political future within the GOP would be toast.Historically, fewer than two electors per presidential election have changedtheir votes because they didn't want the candidate on whose slate they ran,according to FairVote.org, a District of Columbia-based non-partisan, non-profitgroup. The most recent was in 2004 and might have been a mistake."It sounds like sour grapes to me," the incoming president of Florida's Senateand an elector, Joe Negron of Stuart, said about the movement to changeelectors' stripes.Elector Susan Moore of Pensacola, Fla., has been a Republican Party loyalistsince she started volunteering in Tennessee when she was 12. She has more than800 emails, many of them part of the same form letter, in her inbox."I think these people mean well," she said. "But they're asking us to dosomething that's really not going to work out the way they want."Joseph Gerth reports for The (Louisville) Courier-Journal, Yvonne WingettSanchez reports for The Arizona Republic and Joseph Baucum reports for thePensacola (Fla.) News JournalContributing: Isadora Rangel, The (Stuart, Fla.) News