President-elect Donald Trump is backing off some of his more dramatic campaignpromises, but -- and don't breathe a word of this to George H.W. Bush -- neitherhis supporters nor his opponents seem very upset.Studies show that most presidential candidates have honored most of theircampaign promises. Once elected, however, everyone compromises, backtracks orfudges to some extent.Trump will be no exception, judging from his comments during the past week. He'ssaid he wouldn't necessarily build a wall along every inch of the Mexicanborder; would focus deportation efforts not on all undocumented immigrants buton those with criminal records; and try to retain some redeeming facets ofObamacare.For a variety of reasons -- including his supporters' love of him, hisopponents' hatred of his proposals and a general acknowledgment that Trump isbest taken seriously but not literally -- this president may prove more immunethan most to the political cost of broken promises.John McGlennon, who teaches government at the College of William & Mary, says,"Both sides are willing to give him more flexibility than a conventionalcandidate would be allowed."More, certainly, than the 41st president got. Bush failed to win re-election in1992 after campaigning in 1988 on a promise -- "Read my lips: No new taxes!'' --he later broke.Possibly because few major presidential candidates have made such drasticproposals, many Trump opponents are relieved he apparently won't try to doeverything he said he'd do. Many Trump supporters say they never really expectedhim to do everything he said he'd do.First, some Trump opponents:"I prayed that he would have a change of heart, that he'd realize that somethings he said he'd do he cannot do," such as vaporize the Affordable Care Act,says Angelina Iles, a retired school employee who lives in Pineville, La. andvoted for Hillary Clinton.David Bugh of Lancaster, Ohio, a pastor and small business owner, says he wasafraid after Trump passed 270 electoral votes. Given signs of what he callsTrump's "moderation," he says, "I'm a little less pessimistic now."Even a die-hard Never-Trumper such as Democrat Rich Langan of Ashwaubenon, Wis.,a retired police officer, says he's trying to keep an open mind: "I'll give himsix months."As for the Trump supporters:Despite some fiery campaign rhetoric, "once he's in office, he'll soften up onpretty much everything," says Barry Fixler, who opened his own Trumpheadquarters in Bardonia, N.Y.That's fine with Fixler, a jeweler. "In his heart, Trump loves people. He won'tdo anything to drastically affect people," such as non-criminal undocumentedimmigrants. "He's not going to throw out children. He's just going after thecriminals and ISIS.''Many Trump voters say their man's opponents were spooked by his campaignpromises because they didn't understand how he works. Gene Dunn is a longtimeTrump admirer who took his son out of school to attend Trump's presidentialcampaign announcement at Trump Tower. Trump's campaign promises were "standardThe Art of the Deal practice," he says, referring to Trump's 1987 best seller."Asking for the whole enchilada, but settling for what's reasonable. And allsides can claim victory."A.D. Amar, an Indian immigrant and business professor who lives in Warren, N.J.,agrees that many of Trump's promises were really opening gambits: "That isTrump's style as a negotiator. He throws the extreme negative outcome at hisopponents. This brings them to the table, and then whatever they get after thenegotiation is better than what Trump originally threw at them."Here's how President-elect Trump has been rewriting candidate Trump:Some elements of the Affordable Care Act, which he'd promised to repeal andreplace, are worth keeping. He cited provisions requiring coverage ofpre-existing medical conditions and allowing children to remain on parents'plans until they turn 26. "I like those very much," Trump told The Wall StreetJournal.Some undocumented immigrants are "terrific people," and his priorities are 1)securing the border and 2) deporting criminals. The number of undocumentedimmigrants is about 11million; criminals in that group number anywhere from800,000 to several million.Some sections of the "big beautiful wall" he's vowed to build along the bordermight actually look more like fencing.If and when Americans try to pin candidate Trump's promises to President Trump,they will have their work cut out for them, says John Baick, who teachesAmerican political history at Western New England University in Springfield,Mass.One problem is  volume -- the "many, many promises made on the campaign trail,"Baick says. "There is almost certainly no candidate who has produced moreverbiage, in person and in digital form, than Donald Trump."Another is the lack of specifics. Trump, Baick says, "can claim that he has keptmany simply by taking symbolic steps." It may be enough if Trump starts to buildthe wall, just as John F. Kennedy gets credit for starting a man-on-the-moonprogram not scheduled for completion until after what would have been his secondterm.Trump may already have kept his biggest, most emotional promise to supporters,McGlennon says: "As long as they feel he'll bring an end to business as usual inWashington, they'll worry about the details later on.''But there will be a later on.McGlennon says that although there's merit to the idea that Trump spoke to hissupporters in ways that should not be taken literally, "the question is how longthe public will be satisfied with that. At some point, people want specifics. IsTrump disciplined enough to provide them?''