The nationwide decline in support for Hillary Clinton compared to Barack Obamafour years ago is evident locally.A computer-assisted analysis of voting patterns in the past three presidentialelections shows Clinton lost some of the support Obama had in north Spokane andparts of the Spokane Valley. Republican Donald Trump also received significantlymore votes out of some Valley and rural precincts than his GOP predecessors JohnMcCain or Mitt Romney.To determine how the presidential vote in Spokane County shifted, TheSpokesman-Review analyzed the precinct results for 2008, 2012 and 2016 to lookfor patterns in the differences between the votes for the Republican andDemocratic nominees in each of the county's 335 precincts.The 2008 and 2012 numbers are certified final results; the numbers for this yearwill be completed this week, but county officials said last week they have onlyabout 25 ballots to process.In all three elections, the Republican received the most votes countywide, whilethe Democrat won the city of Spokane.Making direct comparisons is difficult because some  precinct boundaries changedbetween elections because of redistricting. But mapping the results showed areasof the county where the shifts were most noticeable.Overall, Republican candidates gained and Democrats lost support over those 12years. In 2008, Barack Obama came within 1.1 percentage point of John McCaincountywide. In 2012, Obama was about 6 percentage points behind Mitt Romney, andHillary Clinton is 9 points behind Trump.In 2012 and again this year, Republicans gained strength in the suburbs andrural areas of the county. Democrats lost support in many north precincts in thecity of Spokane, particularly in the northeast part of the city, includingHillyard, along with west and central precincts in the city of Spokane Valley.Compared to 2008, Clinton lost the most support in some traditionallyblue-collar precincts, most notably in neighborhoods on either side of NorthDivision Street. Some precincts saw a shift of more than 100 votes away from theDemocratic nominee.Although the maps show many areas of  Spokane Valley and rural Spokane Countygiving Trump more support than McCain, there were also some shifts away fromTrump in the city of Spokane precincts that have long been regarded as"establishment" Republican neighborhoods.Clinton gained support in the lower South Hill between Interstate 90  and 29thAvenue, and lost some intensity in the Logan neighborhood.Romney did better than Trump in the northwest precincts of Spokane, and inLiberty Lake. McCain and Romney both did better than Trump in the precinct thatcontains Fairchild Air Force Base, and in parts of the West Plains. Trumpgenerally did better than McCain or Romney in the rural precincts in thesouthern half of the county, and a bit better than Romney and about as well asMcCain in the north precincts between Spokane and the Deer Park area.Running against Romney, Obama held his margins in northeast Spokane precincts,along Division and in Hillyard, and in the Valley city precincts just east ofHavana. But Clinton lost many of those to Trump.votingDisappointed in Obama, she voted for TrumpSandra Miguel voted for President Barack Obama in 2008. This year, she voted forDonald Trump."I fell for all the things that Obama promised. My husband and I both thought,well, we need a change," Sandra Miguel said. "I decided I didn't want to go downthat path again."Miguel is 68, retired and lives in Spokane County south of Long Lake. Each monthit is a struggle to pay the bills.In 2008 these same concerns drove her to vote for Obama. But in 2012 she votedfor Romney, and eight years after casting her ballot for Obama she believesthings are worse."You know, you work all your life and pay into these things and have to followthis tight, tight budget, instead of being able to relax," she said.She said Trump's enthusiasm and his focus on "making America great again" wonher over."I'm not a racist, by any means," she said. "But I do think that we need to stopbringing so many people into this country until we take care of our own."Trump will take care of people like her and her husband, she said. And, althoughsome of his comments and his impulsiveness make her nervous, she also finds itrefreshing."For people in our age group and in our income group, I didn't feel that it hasbeen in our favor," she said of the last eight years.Eli FrancovichSome cast their vote against ClintonJeremy Thornton is a landscaper, a  disc golfer and a die-hard Bernie Sanderssupporter. He considered voting for Hillary Clinton after Sanders lost in theprimary, but her political record left a bad taste in his mouth.Frustrated by the two major party nominees, Thornton cast a ballot for the GreenParty's Jill Stein on Nov. 8. He believes there were many  like him who couldn'tmuster support for an entrenched politician like Clinton or an "erratic"outsider like Donald Trump."I don't think people were voting for Trump. I think they were voting againstHillary," he said. "There was kind of a feeling that she was getting it handedto her, and I think that kind of rubbed people the wrong way."Thornton, 40, has lived in  Hillyard  for most of his life. He said he'sdisappointed by the vitriol of the election.Nationally, Clinton's popular vote lead exceeds 2 million, or about 1.5 percentof all ballots cast. But in closely contested areas like Hillyard, distrust ofClinton may have given a decisive edge to Trump."I think a lot of people just know that she has no (expletive) clue what to dowith this country," said John Bacon, 30, who lives  streets from Thornton. "Eventhough Trump's a borderline sociopath, he's still the lesser of two evils."Thornton said his friend voted for Barack Obama in 2012 but couldn't bringhimself to vote for Clinton.Although he feels disenfranchised, Thornton believes one thing is certain: TheUnited States "won't see another entrenched politician becoming the president."Chad Sokol