Trump demands apology from 'Hamilton' actorPresident-elect Donald Trump demanded an apology Saturday from the "Hamilton"cast member who gave Mike Pence an onstage earful about equality. Actor BrandonVictor Dixon told the Republican vice president-elect after the curtain callFriday night that the Broadway hit's multiracial and multicultural cast wasconcerned about the Trump administration."We, sir, we are the diverse America who are alarmed and anxious that your newadministration will not protect us, our planet, our children, our parents, ordefend us and uphold our inalienable rights," said Dixon, who plays Aaron Burr,the nation's third vice president. "We truly hope this show has inspired you touphold our American values and work on behalf of all of us. All of us."Pence ducked out before Dixon finished the message but heard the full remarksfrom the hallway.Dylan may give Nobel lecture in 2017 - Bob Dylan, who was awarded the 2016 NobelPrize for literature but won't be attending the prize ceremony, plans to travelto Stockholm for a concert next year and may give his Nobel lecture then, theSwedish Academy said Friday.Washington to lead TV academy board - Hayma "Screech" Washington will be thenext chairman and CEO of the Television Academy Board of Governors. The firstAfrican-American to hold the job, he will succeed Bruce Rosenblum. Washington,who produces and directs under the aegis of his own company, Screechers Pix, andwas an executive producer on "The Amazing Race," will begin his two-year term onJan. 1.Monroe dress fetches $4.8 million - A dress worn by Marilyn Monroe as shefamously sang "Happy Birthday" to President John. F. Kennedy has sold for nearly$5 million at a Los Angeles auction. Julien's Auctions says the iconic was soldfor $4.8 million Thursday night to Ripley's Believe It or Not.CELEBRITY BIRTHDAYSComedian Dick Smothers is 78. Broadcast journalist Judy Woodruff is 70. MusicianJoe Walsh is 69. Actress Bo Derek is 60. Country singer Dierks Bentley is 41.