Before the bitterly-fought Nov. 8 presidential election, pundits were full oftalk about which stocks would benefit most if Donald Trump won, or if HillaryClinton did.Guess what? The biggest movers since the big upset vote aren't necessarily"Trump stocks," And the biggest losers aren't "Hillary stocks" either.Since the election, a few stocks have roared like tigers while some others haveflopped like limp fish. But rarely was politics the driving force.NvidiaNvidia Corp. (NVDA), of Santa Clara, Calif., surged almost 33 percent in the 13trading days following Trump's upset victory.The company could hardly be better positioned. It makes specialized computerchips used in mobile devices such as smartphones. More and more consumers,especially younger ones, run their lives off these devices.Nvidia's latest results show it. Profits increased to nearly $1.2 billion in thepast four quarters, compared to $614 million in the fiscal year that ended inJanuary 2016.The merits of the stock are now well recognized, however. It sells for 48 timesrecent earnings, eight times revenue and nine times book value. It is priced forperfection. I recommend taking some profits here.Freeport-McMoRanUp 32 percent in the same 13 trading days was Freeport-McMoRan Inc. (FCX) ofPhoenix. The world's largest copper miner, Freeport-McMoRan also mines gold anddrills for oil.Here the Trump victory did play some role. Commodity producers in general havedone well since "The Donald" upset pollsters' applecart. Investors figure thatTrump will go for tax cuts, stimulating the economy and reviving inflation. Thatwould mean higher prices for copper and oil.But much of Freeport's climb happened for reasons unrelated to politics. Thecompany announced it had reached some of its goals for reducing debt. To do so,it raised about $1.5 billion in a stock offering and sold off some $7 billion inassets (including oil deposits in the Gulf of Mexico).Harman InternationalHarman International Industries Inc. (HAR) was up 29 percent in the 13-dayperiod on takeover news. It agreed to be acquired by Samsung of South Korea for$8 billion.It's too late to ride this move now, but it's not hard to see why Sansung wasinterested. Long a leader in car audio systems, Harman has been branching intoelectronic controls for cars, probably a hot area for the next several years.Trip AdvisorSwitching to the stocks that have fallen the most since the election,Trip-Advisor Inc. (TRIP) stands out, down 19 percent.As its name implies, TripAdvisor operates a travel-information website. Itsrevenue grew at better than a 22 percent clip the past five years, but growthcame to an abrupt half in the past 12 months.My view is that the site doesn't have enough unique proprietary content. Itoffers reviews of hotels, restaurants and attractions, all generated by thesite's users.Call me elitist, but I'm not convinced that reviews by "regular people" arebetter than reviews by experts "" even self-appointed experts. I feel that waywith regard to reviews of hotels, restaurants, movies and pretty much everythingelse.PattersonPatterson Companies Inc. (PDCO) fell 16 percent in the period. The St. Paulcompany distributes dental supplies and veterinary supplies. Its profitability,quite strong in the early 2000s, has gradually diminished to middle-of-the-road.Patterson's quarterly earnings came in light, the company's guidance on futureearnings was subdued, and investors were left wondering whether or not Pattersonwould strike up a distribution deal with Amazon.com. So far as I can see,politics has zero effect.Tyson FoodsA bad quarterly earnings report was also the culprit for a 15 percent drop inshares of Tyson Foods Inc. (TSN). On Nov. 21, the company, the world's largestprocessor of beef, pork and chicken, said third-quarter earnings came in at 96cents a share.That was above the previous year's figure but well below the $1.17 per sharethat analysts expected.Economics trumps politicsTo be sure, Trump's election as president influences the market. Constructionstocks, industrial stocks and bank stocks have all been strong in the wake ofTrump's win, in large part on hopes of lower taxes and less regulation.Still, as the examples above tend to show, other factors in the market oftenoverpower political ones. I would say that politics is at most the fifth mostpowerful influence, after economic strength, profits, interest rates and thelevel of stock prices relative to underlying measures of value.Disclosure: Some of my family members own Nvidia shares.John Dorfman is chairman of Dorfman Value Investments LLC in Newton Upper Falls,Mass., and a syndicated columnist. His firm or clients may own or tradesecurities discussed in this column. He can be reached atjdorfman@dorfmanvalue.com