GilboaForeign policy issues in general, and those of the Middle East in particular,received little attention during the recent presidential elections.President-elect Donald Trump made a few statements about challenges in theMiddle East and American-Israeli relations, but these were very broad and lackedfocus.Trump faces several huge challenges in the Middle East, including: the perceiveddecline in American standing; the horrific civil war in Syria and the other warsin Iraq, Yemen and Libya; the Russian intervention; the Iran nuclear deal andquest for hegemony in the region; the military campaign to destroy theterritorial bases of the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq; the Turkish tilttoward Islamic theocracy and efforts to prevent a Kurdish state; tense relationswith Egypt; and difficult Palestinian-Israeli relations.Usually, incoming presidents, especially those from a party different to thoseof outgoing presidents, like to adopt a different and sometimes vastly opposingagenda and policies to those of their predecessors. Trump is likely to followthis practice even more than other outgoing presidents. He severely criticizedPresident Barack Obama's foreign and national security policies, especially theIran nuclear deal, the battle against the Islamic State and the handling ofAmerican-Israeli relations.All American Arab allies and Israel would like to see a major shift in theAmerican strategic approach to the Middle East. Obama has left a seriousleadership vacuum in the region that was quickly filled by Russian PresidentVladimir Putin. American allies expect Trump to restore American power andinfluence in the region. Obama's policies have blurred the lines between alliesand enemies, and Trump is expected to clearly clarify who is a friend and who isa foe.American allies are still concerned about Iran's military and politicalinterventions in Syria, Iraq and Yemen, the nuclear deal, the development ofintercontinental ballistic missiles and the relations with Russia. Israel andEgypt, whose relations with the Obama administration have been uneasy and tense,would like to see a friendlier and better understanding environment inWashington.Trump defined the Iran nuclear deal as a "disaster" and "the worst deal evernegotiated." He promised to cancel it. As Congress did not approve of the deal,Trump has the authority to reverse it. Yet the deal was approved by the UnitedNations Security Council and includes several useful restrictions. Trump maymuch more closely monitor implementation of all the deal's articles, and moreaggressively deal with Iran's attempts to destabilize pro-Western governments inthe region. Iran is likely to test Trump's determination to limit its regionalaspirations.Since the establishment of Israel, every American president has expressed adesire to help resolve the Palestinian-Israeli conflict. Almost every Americanpresident promised to move the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, Israel'scapital. Trump is no exception.Obama applied heavy pressure on Israel in order to promote negotiations with thePalestinians. This strategy failed. The Palestinians refused to negotiatedirectly with Israel and they expected Obama to "deliver" Israel, so that theywill not have to make serious concessions in return for peace with Israel. Trumpsaid he wouldn't force negotiations or a "solution." The Palestinians may nowconclude that their best option is to seek an agreement via direct negotiationswith Israel. Trump is unlikely to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem.The U.S. and the Russian attempts to achieve a cease-fire in Syria failed. Theaggressive Russian intervention has broadened the conflict - they have bombedthe relatively liberal rebel groups, supported by the United States, more thanthe Islamic State. Putin has acquired a reputation as a determined leader and areliable ally. One of his goals is to diminish U.S. standing in the region.The increased Russian standing in the Middle East has direct effects on Putin'spolicies in Europe - particularly in the ongoing Ukraine crisis. Trump wasdescribed as Putin's "friend," and it remains to be seen how his relations withthe Kremlin will change the Russian behavior in Europe and the Middle East.Trump will soon have to reassess the American interests in the Middle East, toproduce new and more effective ways to deal with the numerous challenges in away that will best balance resources and goals. The expectations for change arevery high - perhaps too high - and the margins for more errors anddisappointments are becoming narrower than they were a decade ago.Eytan Gilboa, Ph.D., is Chair and Academic Director of the Israel Public PolicyForum. He is leading a delegation of experts on Israel and the Middle East inspeaking dates around Ohio in the coming weeks.