Now that the British have voted to secede from the European Union and Americahas chosen a president who has never before held public office, the Frenchappear to be following suit.In Sunday's runoff to choose a candidate to face Marine Le Pen of the NationalFront in next spring's presidential election, the center-right Republicans choseFrancois Fillon in a landslide.While Fillon sees Margaret Thatcher as a role model in fiscal policy, he is asocially conservative Catholic who supports family values, wants to confrontIslamist extremism, control immigration, restore France's historic identity andend sanctions on Russia.Next Sunday, Italy holds a referendum on constitutional reforms backed by PrimeMinister Matteo Renzi. If the referendum, trailing in the polls, fails, Renzisays he will resign.In Holland, the Party for Freedom of Geert Wilders, on trial for hate speech forurging fewer Moroccan immigrants, is running first or close to it in polls forthe national election next March.Not only Europe but the whole world that President-elect Donald Trump is aboutto inherit seems in turmoil, with old regimes and parties losing their hold andnationalist, populist and rightist forces rising.Venezuela, endowed with more oil than almost any country on Earth, is now,thanks to the Castroism of Hugo Chavez and successor Nicolas Maduro, close tocollapse and anarchy.South Korean President Park Geun-hye, her approval rating in single digits, isfacing impeachment and prosecution for corruption.Meanwhile, North Korea, under Kim Jong Un, continues to test nuclear warheadsand missiles that can hit all of South Korea and Japan and reach all U.S. basesin East Asia and the Western Pacific.The U.S. is obligated by treaty to defend South Korea, where we still have28,500 troops, and Japan, as well as the Philippines, where new populistPresident Rodrigo Duterte, cursing the West, is pivoting toward Beijing.Malaysia and Australia are also moving closer to China, as they become ever moredependent on the China trade.Responding to our moving NATO troops into Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland,Vladimir Putin has begun a buildup of nuclear-capable offensive and defensivemissiles in Kaliningrad, its enclave between Poland and Lithuania.Should we get into a confrontation with the Russians in the Eastern Baltic, howmany of our NATO allies, some now openly pro-Putin, would stand beside us?The point: Not only is the Cold War over, the post-Cold War is over. We areliving in a changed and changing world. Regimes are falling. Old allegiances arefraying and old allies drifting away.The forces of nationalism and populism have been unleashed all over the West andall over the world. There is no going back. Yet U.S. policy seems set inconcrete by war guarantees and treaty commitments dating back to the time ofTruman and Stalin.We have great rivals and adversaries. We are deeper in debt. We are moredivided. We've fought wars in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Libya and Yemen thatavailed us nothing. What we had, we kicked away.America needs nothing so much as reflective thought about a quarter century offailures "" and fresh thinking about her future.Pat Buchanan is the author of "The Greatest Comeback: How Richard Nixon RoseFrom Defeat to Create the New Majority."