HIGHLIGHT: Caroline Cossey was a British model in the 1970s who was designated aboy at birth. Nicole Maines is a student and activist who started her transitionin fifth grade. From left, Buck Angel, an adult film star; Miss MajorGriffn-Gracy, an activist who participated in the Stonewall riots, and ShaneOrtega, an Army sergeant.HBO HBO photosThere's the former model and "Bond Girl" who was designated a boy at birth.There's the combat-tested, super-muscular Army sergeant who was designated agirl. And a poet who says, "I think gender can actually change every single day.Myself is many selves."These are some of the people featured in HBO's "The Trans List," a documentaryexploring what it means to be a transgender American today. The list includescelebrities like "Orange is the New Black" actress Laverne Cox and reality-TVstar Caitlyn Jenner. Both deliver touching testimony about the journeys thatbrought them to where they are.But it's the stories of the not-so-famous individuals in this film by TimothyGreenfield-Sanders that most deeply resonate and, as a result, most successfullyrender a sense of transgender life.The production arrives at a time when some members of that community are sayingthey feel especially vulnerable given the election of Republican Donald Trumpand the mixed signals he sent during the presidential campaign.Transgender people "are concerned for their safety, survival and legal rights inthe coming years," Chase Strangio, an attorney with the American Civil LibertiesUnion, told the Associated Press. (Trump has not publically addressedtransgender issues since the election.)Presidents do have a bully pulpit - particularly when they bring their ownsocial media following of 25 million, as Trump does. But this documentary is areminder that HBO is a pretty big pulpit in its own right, with a track recordof telling powerful stories. "The Trans List" is the kind of TV production thathelps keep a community from being marginalized and silenced.Bamby Salcedo, founder of the TransLatin Coalition, does not seem like someonelikely to be silenced with or without help from the media."I am a very proud trans Latina immigrant," she says in the film. "Some peoplemay think I'm a troublemaker, but our time is now. Our time to resist, our timeto organize is now. Often times, the [lesbian, gay and bisexual] community isnot supportive of the issues happening with us. Where the trans community is incomparison to the LGB community is that we are about 40 years behind -legislatively, economically, academically, you name it."Salcedo says she became an organizer after transgender teen Gwen Araujo wasmurdered in California in 2002.""That sparked the anger," she explains. "Ever since then, I've been likenonstop, doing whatever I need to do not only to make the voices of my communityheard, but disrupting whoever."While the power of Salcedo's story comes from her recounting moments in heradult life on the streets, on drugs, in prison or after she found her politicalcalling, many of the most poignant recollections in "The Trans List" come frommemories of adolescence and issues of identity."Shopping for clothes was always a nightmare growing up," says Amos Mac, a SanFrancisco photographer, writer and artist who was designated a girl at birth."The girls' sections at Kmart - those were my options," he adds. "So, it waslike the most masculine stuff I could find in those sections. Clothing was theone thing where I felt like I had some control over how the world was seeing me.Anything that would hide my body. Large, giant pieces of clothing. I reallyloved any kind of like oversized hooded sweatshirts. I didn't want anybody tosee anything, so I covered it up."As Mac says this, the screen fills with images of him as a young man. In them,he looks like a film star or magazine model for men's clothes.Coupled with the images of him looking uncomfortable as an adolescent in baggysweats, they are the perfect visual from director Greenfield-Sanders toillustrate the power of Mac's transition. The energy and appeal of Mac's maleidentity lights up the screen."I really don't know what I was waiting for so long," Mac says. "It seemed likeit was no longer an option for my sanity or for my health. I was trying to makeit through without transitioning, and I couldn't. I had to stop spending so muchtime trying to cover up my emotions and my problems, and I had to deal withmyself."Nicole Maines, who was designated a boy at birth, started her transition in thefifth grade. She went on to become a plaintiff in a lawsuit that ultimatelydetermined that her school violated her rights by denying her access to thegirls' bathroom."Bathrooms is sort of the focal point of trans issues," she says in the film."Ooohhh, the bathroom. What do we do about the bathroom? It does start tocollapse that structure of just two genders that has been for so long. But it'sjust bathrooms. We've all got to use them. It doesn't have to be so protected.It's not the Pentagon."Maines says once she got her father to accept her transition, the whole familywas behind it and they all found an empowerment in the legal victory."To a young person, whose parents aren't necessarily on board, I'd say you'vegot to advocate for you," Maines says. "That's what I did with my parents. Theywouldn't have known if I wasn't as vocal. Advocate for yourself. Do not take nofor an answer. Do not settle for less. This is your life. Just save yourself.Slay your own dragon. You can do it."As optimistic as those words might sound, the film does not promise instantacceptance or happily-ever-after endings. While the individuals in the film havetransitioned, that doesn't guarantee the larger society is on board with them.Caroline Cossey, an international model who appeared in a James Bond movie,recounts what she felt when a British tabloid "outed' her in 1981 with theheadline, "James Bond's girl was a boy.""I felt desperate, suicidal," she says. "It really wasn't anyone's business andit should have been left to me."Thirty-five years later, prejudice remains, she says."There are still a lot of bigoted, ignorant people out there who give peoplelike me a hard time," Cossey concludes. "I just pray for them. That's all I cansay, because they have more problems than I do. I'm just me and I hate labelsand boxes."In most of the stories, the struggle continues.Shane Ortega, a U.S. Army sergeant who has served three tours of duty in Iraqand Afghanistan, explains how complicated life in the military can be fortransgender individuals."Legally speaking for the last five years, I am male," he says. "My militarypassport - my red, official military passport - says male. With the Departmentof Social Security, I am male. But the entry system which holds the data forevery service member, that hasn't changed for me. I still have to be addressedby members of my senior command as female. I'm not allowed to correct people."The format of "The Trans List" is simple and straightforward, with 11individuals facing the camera one by one and telling their stories. It followsin the tradition of other Greenfield-Sanders productions for HBO such as "TheBlack List" (2009), "The Latino List" (2011), and "The Out List (2013).Perhaps because Greenfield-Sanders is a portrait photographer in addition to adocumentary filmmaker, the 11 parts of the film seem like sharply etchedportraits - ones that ultimately come together to give the viewer anintellectual sense of the diversity of trans life and a visceral intimation ofwhat that experience might feel like from the inside out.As long as stories like these are eloquently told on TV, the possibility ofunderstanding, acceptance and protection for those telling the stories increasesdramatically. And that's a political force to be reckoned with, too, no matterwho the president is.On tv"The Trans List" premieres at 8 p.m. Dec. 5 on HBO.