The attorney for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl (right) said that if a pardon is notgranted, he'll move to have the charges dismissed.WASHINGTON - Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, the former U.S. prisoner of war in Afghanistanwho was freed in a 2014 swap for five Taliban detainees, has asked PresidentBarack Obama to pardon him before leaving the White House to President-electDonald Trump, who has called the soldier "a no-good traitor who should have beenexecuted."After the presidential election, Bergdahl's legal team submitted copies of aclemency application to the White House, the Justice Department and thePentagon, according to White House and Justice Department officials.It requested a pre-emptive pardon that would avert Bergdahl's court-martialtrial on charges of desertion and misbehaving before the enemy that endangeredfellow soldiers. The trial is scheduled to begin April 18.Bergdahl left his outpost in Afghanistan without permission in 2009 and wascaptured by militants, prompting a dangerous but fruitless search. His captorsheld him in brutal conditions for five years, including locking him in a cageand in darkness for lengthy periods.The Obama administration eventually secured his release in exchange for sendingfive high-level Taliban detainees from the Guantánamo Bay prison to Qatar, whichagreed to monitor them and not let them travel.That deal set off intense political controversy. Against that backdrop, an Armyinvestigation last year recommended against punishing Bergdahl with jail time,concluding that he had acted under good but delusional motivations and noted hissuffering in captivity. But in December 2015, a commander instead ordered himprosecuted in a general court-martial, where a conviction could yield a lifesentence.Eugene R. Fidell, Bergdahl's lead defense lawyer, declined to comment on thepardon petition. But he said if the case is still pending on Inauguration Day,Jan. 20, he will file a motion to have it dismissed, arguing that a fairmilitary trial will be impossible after Trump becomes commander in chief.At rallies, Trump repeatedly brought up the prisoner exchange as a bad deal. Ata town hall-style meeting in August 2015, for example, he called Bergdahl a"dirty, rotten traitor" and pantomimed shooting him. Trump also falsely claimedthat Americans were killed searching for Bergdahl and that the five Talibanex-detainees were back on the battlefield.Fidell has also complained about comments by Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., who, asArmed Services Committee chairman, oversees confirmation hearings forcommissioned officers. McCain called Bergdahl a deserter and vowed to hold anoversight hearing if he went unpunished."I have grave concerns as to whether Sergeant Bergdahl can receive a fair trialgiven the beating he has taken over many months from Mr. Trump, who will becommander in chief, as well as Senator McCain's call for a hearing in caseSergeant Bergdahl is not punished," Fidell said. "It is really most unfair."W h e n B er gd a h l w a s released in May 2014, Obama appeared alongside hisparents in the Rose Garden. The national security adviser, Susan E. Rice, saidhe had served with "honor and distinction." His hometown in Idaho prepared acelebration. But the deal swiftly degenerated into a legal and politicaldebacle.The administration transferred the Taliban detainees without obeying a statuterequiring it to notify Congress 30 days before the transfers. It said actingwithout delay was necessary to protect Bergdahl's life and argued thatdisregarding the statute in such circumstances was lawful, but Republicansmaintained that the transfer was illegal.