For those of us not working on a dissertation in political science, it willtake awhile to discern what happened on Nov. 8. This is said more as anintellectually curious, "Wow, what happened?" fashion rather than an apoplectic"Oh my God, what happened?" exhortation.And while the election of Donald Trump to the presidency will fascinate PhD.candidates for generations to come, we have little interest in doing that muchwork. Instead, we'll take the easy route and go straight to an expert to gleana little insight.So, what happened? "Trump won," Jim Moore said.OK, OK, we knewthat. But a bit of time on the phone with Moore provided some pearls of wisdom,as it always does. Moore, you see, has a PhD. in political science fromNorthwestern University and is director of the Tom McCall Center for PolicyInnovation at Pacific University in Forest Grove, Ore. More important, he'salways thoughtful, engaging, entertaining, and more than willing to talk whensome dumbfounded reporter calls him out of the blue.So I asked Moore about thecommon narrative that Trump won, in part, because voters were seeking aWashington, D.C., outsider to, as Trump succinctly put it, "drain the swamp."There is nothing trendy about that trend among voters. President Obama waslargely a D.C. outsider, having served in the U.S. Senate for a scant 46 monthsbefore he was elected president for the first time; George W. Bush was a D.C.outsider, having been a governor; same with Bill Clinton, and same with RonaldReagan. Among the past seven people elected to the presidency, only George H.W.Bush could be deemed a D.C. insider - and he was riding Reagan's coattails intothe Oval Office."In the presidential election, the issues barely move theneedle," Moore said. "It comes down to personalities and 'Who do I want to havea beer with?' "Death knell for Democrats?There's a lot of truth in that, even if it does not speak well about Americans'ability to select an effective president. But despite that quadrennial truism,Moore was struck by something unusual surrounding this year's election."I thinkthe thing that made it different for me is the split at the top; people really,really believed in their candidate or they really believed the other one wasunacceptable," he said. "People truly internalized this election in a way wehaven't seen since maybe the Kennedy years, or in '64 when you had Goldwatersupporters who were crushed."Goldwater's landslide loss to Lyndon Johnson sawDemocrats retain the presidency and both chambers of Congress and was viewed bysome as a death knell for the Republican Party. But four years later,Republicans won the presidency, and conditions were in place for the rise ofReagan not long after that. In other words, while many are readying a funeralpyre for Democrats this time around, the party is not as disheveled as it mightseem."What's unusual to me is in these battleground states it was really,really, really close," Moore said. "A half-point here or there and we wouldhave a President Clinton." Trump won Michigan by about one-quarter of apercentage point; he won Pennsylvania and Florida by about 1 percentage pointeach. And while Clinton supporters like to point out that she won the nationalpopular vote, Trump was correct when he wrote on Twitter: "If the election werebased on total popular vote I would have campaigned in N.Y. Florida andCalifornia and won even bigger and more easily."Meanwhile, Democrats aresalving their wounds by suggesting that Bernie Sanders would have beaten Trump,clinging to polls conducted during the primaries. But Moore said: "He wasn'ttested in the primary. The numbers showing he would have won the generalelection, those weren't true numbers."As the polls demonstrated right up toElection Day, there were a lot of numbers that were not true. And that willleave a lot of people wondering what happened for many years to come.