As Cubans continued either to mourn or to celebrate the death of Fidel Castro,President-elect Donald Trump issued a vague ultimatum to the Cuban government onMonday. ''If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, theCuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole, I will terminate deal,'' Mr.Trump wrote on Twitter.While Cuba is hardly the most pressing foreign policy challenge Mr. Trump willinherit in January, he is facing calls to roll back the Obama administration'spolicy of engagement, a move that would be extremely shortsighted.President Obama's opening with Havana in 2014 hasn't been an instant catalyst ofdemocracy, freedom and prosperity. But it has helped establish conditions forordinary Cubans to have greater autonomy in a society long run as a policestate. It has also enabled Cuban-Americans to play a larger role in shaping thenation's future, primarily by providing capital for the island's nascent privatesector. While the Cuban government and the Obama White House continue to haveprofound disagreements on issues such as human rights, the two governments haveestablished a robust bilateral agenda that includes cooperation on environmentalpolicy, maritime issues, migration, organized crime and responses to pandemics.These hard-won diplomatic achievements have benefited both sides.As a businessman, Mr. Trump explored the possibility of investing in Cuba duringthe 1990s, in violation of the trade embargo. As a presidential candidate, hespoke approvingly of engaging with Cuba, before taking a more hard-line positionduring the final days of the race in the pursuit of Cuban-American votes inFlorida.If Mr. Trump's Cuba policy matches his latest rhetoric, cooperation is likely towane. That would only embolden hard-liners in the Cuban regime who are leery ofmending ties with the United States and are committed to maintaining Cuba as arepressive socialist bulwark. In Mr. Trump, they may find the ideal foil tostoke nationalism among Cubans who are fiercely protective of their nation'ssovereignty and right to self-determination.More than five decades of Cold War isolation never led to greater freedoms forCubans. The Castro government has long justified its stifling controls on itscitizens and its centrally planned economy by portraying Cuba as a nation undersiege.Alternatively, Mr. Trump could build on Mr. Obama's approach by pressinglawmakers to do away with the senseless embargo. Once that happened, theAmerican government would be better positioned to keep promoting freedom ofexpression, free enterprise and democratic governance, while making it clearthat the future of Cuba must be decided by Cubans.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion),and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/29/opinion/threatening-cuba-will-backfire.html