NEW YORK - American Jews gathered Thursday to wrestle with how they shouldconfront an election-year surge in anti-Semitism, a level of bias not seen inthe U.S. for decades.At a national meeting of the Anti-Defamation League, the Jewish civil rightsgroup, about 1,000 people listened to talks expressing shock at the hatredexpressed during the presidential campaign and questioned what they thought wasa high-level of acceptance by other Americans."I'm struggling right now in this American moment," said Yehuda Kurtzer,president of the Shalom Hartman Institute of North America, an education andresearch organization, in his talk at the event. "I wonder whether I have been -and I think the answer is probably yes - a little bit naive."During this past year, anti-Semitic imagery proliferated on social media, Jewishjournalists were targeted and long-standing anti-Jewish conspiracy theories gota fresh airing. Much of the bias originated with the alt-right, or alternativeright, a loose group espousing a provocative and reactionary strain ofconservatism. It's often associated with far right efforts to preserve "whiteidentity," oppose multiculturalism and defend "Western values."Reports of anti-Semitic vandalism and other attacks also have risen. Last week,the day after the election, a Philadelphia storefront was sprayed with aswastika and the words "Sieg Heil 2106," which means "Hail Victory," a commonNazi chant, and the word "Trump," with a swastika replacing the "T."These developments have stunned U.S. Jewish leaders, who in recent years hadbeen more focused on anti-Semitism in Europe and on addressing complaints ofanti-Jewish bias on college campuses amid the debate over the boycott,divestment and sanctions movement against Israeli policies toward thePalestinians.ADL officials said donations to their organization increased 50-fold in the daysimmediately after the election and a large majority of the money came fromfirst-time donors. Every one of their regional offices reported an uptick incalls from people wanting to donate or volunteer, the ADL said."We must not be silent, we must raise our voices, we must act, and to act wemust understand what we are up against," said Jonathan Greenblatt, chiefexecutive of ADL, opening the meeting in Manhattan.As the presidential race intensified, Jews started seeing their names bracketedwith a series of parentheses in harassing tweets, signaling that the person hadbeen identified as a Jew. The image became known as the Jewish cowbell and itssource was traced to neo-Nazis and white nationalists.The ADL investigated the harassment and found more than 800 journalists hadsuffered anti-Semitic attacks on Twitter during the election, mostly fromanonymous Twitter accounts, although some belonged to white supremacists. In acommon example of the reporters' experiences, Jane Eisner, editor-in-chief ofthe Forward, an influential Jewish newspaper that extensively covered theelection, said she received an email the morning after the second presidentialdebate with an image of a Nazi solder pointing a gun at her head, which wasPhotoshopped onto a concentration camp uniform.Donald Trump's campaign came under scrutiny since much of the harassment camefrom accounts tied to his supporters. He drew direct criticism last July when hetweeted an image of Hillary Clinton's face with a six-pointed star, a pile ofhundred dollar bills and the words "most corrupt candidate ever." The star wasin the shape of the Jewish Star of David and was widely condemned asanti-Semitic. Trump's campaign said it was a sheriff's badge.Last month, Trump gave a speech in West Palm Beach, Fla., in which he accusedClinton of holding secret meetings with bankers in a conspiracy to undermineU.S. sovereignty. The ADL said that whether intentional or not, Trump hadreflected a classic anti-Semitic theme of Jewish control of banks.The president-elect's daughter Ivanka, and her husband, Jared Kushner, who isnow one of his top advisers, are Orthodox Jews. Kushner has defended Trumpagainst allegations of bias.The issue erupted anew when Trump announced far-right publishing executiveStephen Bannon as his top White House strategist. Bannon led the Breitbartwebsite, considered by many to be the alt-right's platform that has been widelycondemned as racist, sexist and anti-Semitic.