For the arts world, the question is essentially the same as the one being askedeverywhere right now, across the political spectrum: ''What will a PresidentDonald J. Trump mean for me?'' The answer from artists, museums, theaters,actors, writers, musicians and the movie and television industry is, to a raredegree in previous presidential elections: ''Your guess is as good as mine.''Though he has been front-and-center in public life for more than four decades inthe country's cultural capital, Mr. Trump has left a meager trail to suggestwhat positions he might take on public arts funding and arts education, alongwith issues like censorship and economic policies that would affect creativeindustries, not to mention how he and the first lady, Melania Trump, mightdecorate the White House.His authoritarian stance during the campaign -- including threats to ''open uplibel laws'' to allow journalists to be ''sued like you've never got suedbefore'' and a tweet calling for an end to ''Saturday Night Live'' because ofits parody of him -- suggest freedom of expression could come under assault inhis administration. But then, his actions during the campaign and long before itin the real-estate world strongly indicate that if such expression were notdirected toward Mr. Trump personally, he might not spend much time caring aboutit.''I don't see anything apocalyptic with him coming in,'' said Rocco Landesman,the Broadway impresario and former chairman of the National Endowment for theArts, which disburses grants to cultural organizations and projects. ''The TeaParty has a real grievance with the arts, and when I was at the N.E.A., duringthe budgeting process, the Tea Party conservatives would X out the budget, andwe'd have to fight to restore it. But I would not envision that kind of processwith President Trump at all. That doesn't seem to be his agenda.''Mr. Trump has been vague about his position on government funding for the artsand humanities and for arts-related education. His hard-line position onimmigration has some arts groups with an international focus worried about visaissues, which have already become more difficult in recent years. And Mr. Trumphas also proposed reducing tax benefits for charitable giving, which could havea far more devastating impact on the arts than cuts in public money, which hasbeen declining for many years in inflation-adjusted dollars.In response to questions from The Washington Post this year, he wrote aboutgovernment arts funding: ''The Congress, as representatives of the people, makethe determination as to what the spending priorities ought to be.'' But he addedthat he had the ''great fortune to receive a comprehensive liberal artseducation'' and said that ''a holistic education that includes literature andthe arts'' was ''critical to creating good citizens.'' (Through a spokeswoman,Hope Hicks, Mr. Trump declined to comment for this article.)Outside of television, where he made a second career as host and producer of''The Apprentice'' and ''The Celebrity Apprentice,'' Mr. Trump has not had deepinvolvement with the arts. He and his company have donated, by philanthropicstandards, modest amounts to Lincoln Center over the past several years, mostlygifts under $10,000, but neither he nor his foundation is known as a supporterof note of any of the city's museums; the Metropolitan Museum of Art said onlythat he had appeared at some Costume Institute galas and other benefits. He hasbeen a regular presence over the years at openings on Broadway, where he hassaid he prefers musicals and saw ''Evita'' as many as six times. His love oftheater even led him, in his 20s, to try his hand at producing, though withoutmuch success. (The play, ''Paris Is Out!,'' received mostly bad reviews andclosed after 112 performances.)Mr. Trump's primary connection to the creative world has been througharchitecture, though with the exception of Philip Johnson -- whom he hired alongwith Costas Kondylis to reimagine the old Gulf and Western Building at 1 CentralPark West as Trump International Hotel and Tower -- he has hired mostlylow-profile architects and has drawn criticism for buildings that are eitherbland or gaudy. The critic Herbert Muschamp, in The New York Times, wrote in2002 that the over-the-top buildings were at the very least not boring. Hecalled Mr. Trump ''the only beauty freak at large in New York City real estatedevelopment'' and added: ''Aggression and desire, violence and sex: Put themtogether, and they add up to Trump World Tower, undeniably the most primalbuilding New York has seen in quite a while.'' That tower, across from theUnited Nations, also had a fan in Terence Riley, then the chief curator ofarchitecture and design at the Museum of Modern Art, who called it his favoritenew building.Art dealers said they had never seen Mr. Trump at an auction and had no sense ofhis taste in art or the degree to which he collects. A 1997 profile in The NewYorker by Mark Singer related an anecdote about Mr. Trump's effort to have astatue of Columbus slightly taller than the Statue of Liberty erected near theRiverside South development on the Upper West Side. (The statue never came tothe city.) ''It's got forty million dollars' worth of bronze in it,'' Mr. Trumpsaid of the work, by a critically derided Georgian-born Russian sculptor, ZurabTsereteli, whom Mr. Trump called ''major and legit.''Mr. Trump's two brief public turns that concerned works of art were notpromising for art lovers. In 1980, he began demolition of the old Bonwit Tellerdepartment store to build Trump Tower, and though he had promised important ArtDeco limestone bas-reliefs from the building to the Metropolitan Museum of Art,workers destroyed the reliefs. Mr. Trump, pretending to be a Trump spokesmannamed ''John Baron,'' later claimed in an interview with The New York Times thatthe reliefs were ''without artistic merit.''In 1999, after Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani threatened to cut off city funding tothe Brooklyn Museum because of an exhibition featuring a painting by the Britishartist Chris Ofili that depicted a Virgin Mary figure and incorporated collagedpornographic elements and clumps of dried elephant dung, Mr. Trump joined in thecriticism. Then exploring a run for president as a candidate of the ReformParty, Mr. Trump praised Mr. Giuliani's attempt to block public funding for themuseum. He called Mr. Ofili's work and that of some other artists ''absolutelygross, degenerate stuff,'' and vowed as president to ensure that federal fundswould never support such art.Some beneficiaries of government support worry about losing the relatively smallamount of help they get. ''We're all in a place right now of not knowing -- Iencounter that everywhere I turn, and that's always a scary place,'' said EricTing, artistic director of the California Shakespeare Theater, known as CalShakes, in Orinda, Calif. Stephen Kidd, executive director of the NationalHumanities Alliance, a nonprofit coalition that advocates for humanitieseducation and other programs, said his constituents held out hope thatgovernment support for cultural endeavors would continue in a Trumpadministration. Despite conservatives' desire to shrink the government, theRepublican-controlled Congress agreed last year to President Obama's request forthe first budget increase for the National Endowment for the Humanities since2010.''It was fairly modest,'' Mr. Kidd said, ''but given the fiscal climate on theHill it was a big show of support.''(In 2014, when he was Budget Committee chairman, House Speaker Paul D. Ryanproposed ending federal funding for the National Endowment for the Arts and theNational Endowment for the Humanities, saying in budget documents that ''theactivities and content funded by these agencies go beyond the core mission ofthe federal government.'')While Mr. Trump's election has been widely condemned by much of the artisticworld, parts of the commercial culture industry are cautiously optimistic thatthe next four years might not be so bad -- though mostly because fear ofeconomic volatility might cause shifts in wealth that will be good for placeslike art galleries, which have already benefited immensely from the world'sconcentration of wealth.Last week in the Art Market Monitor, on a page emblazoned with an image of anoil portrait of Mr. Trump in white golfing attire, Marion Maneker, the site'spublisher, wrote that ''global instability and doubt will tend to accelerate theprocess of money going into alternative stores of value. In plain English,there's good reason to believe buyers will continue to shift cash into art andjewels instead of financial instruments like Treasury bonds or, even,equities.''He added: ''The wealthiest sector of the global economy will continue toaccumulate more cash than it can consume or productively invest. That money willseek a safe haven.''Mr. Trump himself, however, has often counseled that art is a dubious havencompared with real estate, and he has proved his convictions. In 1981, AndyWarhol created a series of eight black, gray and silver silk screens of an imageof Trump Tower, after Mr. Trump and his wife at the time, Ivana, expressedinterest in having Warhol's work in the building. But after Warhol made thepieces, the Trumps lost interest and never bought the canvases, which would mostlikely be worth many millions today, particularly in light of Mr. Trump'sascension to the highest office in the land.In his diary, Warhol wrote of the ensemble: ''Mr. Trump was very upset that itwasn't color-coordinated.''URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/19/arts/design/trump-and-the-arts-evita-huge-towers-and-a-snub-for-warhol.html