PARIS -- In the age of Donald J. Trump, ''Brexit'' and the resurgent French farright, a thin, aging career politician with an ironic smile is being called --by him and his supporters -- France's best defense against raging globalpopulism.A first test for Alain Juppé, 71, comes Sunday as France's mainstreamcenter-right Republican party holds a primary ahead of next spring'spresidential election. Mr. Juppé is favored to come out on top, for now.His ascendance is all the more improbable because, in a previous post, he wasconsidered one of France's most unpopular prime ministers ever. And he was onceconvicted in a Paris City Hall corruption scheme.But the election of Mr. Trump has upended French politics and given new momentumto the far-right leader Marine Le Pen. As a result, mainstream conservatives arefar from delighted.The candidacy of the battle-scarred Mr. Juppé is seen by his supporters as abulwark at a time when the postelection United States is now routinely depictedas one leg of a global tripartite menace, along with China and Russia, bearingdown on fragile Western democracies.Mr. Juppé doesn't shout, wave his arms or make grandiose promises -- seen as aplus by his supporters. His professorial bearing stands in contrast to hissometimes bombastic and offending party rival, Nicolas Sarkozy, the formerpresident who has redefined himself as a tough guy for uncertain times.But while other contenders for the presidency are adopting Mr. Trump's depictionof Muslims as an inherent threat, Mr. Juppé's soothing message of French unityhas, so far, helped him to lead opinion polls.Still, Mr. Juppé's tenure as prime minister during the 1990s was one of the mostdivisive in modern French history, marked by proposed cutbacks to generouscivil-servant pensions that brought thousands into the streets in protest. Mr.Juppé's plan ultimately failed.This time around, he has promised more market-oriented reforms and has vowed notto back down in the face of inevitable protests. In that regard, thetechnocratic Mr. Juppé, of all the contenders, may present the biggest challengeto France's social protections and labor rules.The governing Socialists, saddled with a poor economic record and an unpopularincumbent president, François Hollande, are already being written off.The race is considered the right's to lose. Just behind Mr. Sarkozy in thepolls, nipping at his heels, is another former prime minister, François Fillon.The winner of Sunday's Republican primary -- there will be a runoff on Nov. 27-- is considered likely to face Ms. Le Pen in April's presidential election.If previous patterns hold, Ms. Le Pen will be defeated, which would make Mr.Juppé the likeliest of all those now running to become the next Frenchpresident.The announcement on Wednesday by Emmanuel Macron, a popular former economyminister in the Socialist government, that he, too, will enter the presidentialrace is unlikely to change the right and far-right dynamic, in the eyes of manyobservers.At 38, Mr. Macron has the image of a youthful reformer, but analysts have notedhis thin record, lack of a party base, and absence of heft -- he has never heldelected office -- in a universe of surging populism.Mr. Juppé, on the other hand, has won and lost numerous elections and has servedfor many years as the mayor of Bordeaux, where he has been credited withtransforming the city.But, with near-permanent high unemployment, an injection of energy from Mr.Trump's victory into Ms. Le Pen's campaign -- xenophobic nationalism is her coretheme -- and the same social and economic fractures as in the United States,there are no guarantees.The warning signs from across the Atlantic were evident in a campaign swingthrough Lower Burgundy on Wednesday, as Mr. Juppé met with disgruntled farmersand rural officials.The French news media has noted that the American election results have coloredthe former prime minister's message with concern about the existence of twoFrances: one benefiting from globalization, and the other left behind.There are the large, vibrant cities -- Paris, Lyon, Mr. Juppé's Bordeaux -- andthen there are the shuttered main streets of sleepy provincial capitals andrural towns like those he visited on Wednesday.Wearing the coat and tie he appears never to shed, Mr. Juppé got his shoes muddyat a grain and dairy farm whose owner complained of crushing debt.''People have talked about suffering,'' Mr. Juppé told a roomful in the tinyvillage of St.-Loup-d'Ordon, ''and it is true,'' he said, speaking in a knowing,weary tone, careful never to exaggerate.With his eyebrows slightly arched, he listened patiently to the complaints.Rural France feels ''abandoned'' and ''disdained'' by Paris, Mr. Juppé said.''But we can't accept this gulf between the big cities and rural France.''Promising a ''strong state,'' he had a warning for his audience deep in theBurgundian countryside at St.-Julien-du-Sault: ''The world is becoming more andmore dangerous. Nationalism is on the rise.''Similarly, at a rally this week in northern Paris, the perceived menace ofrising populism was a common theme in the speeches and comments of Mr. Juppé'ssupporters.From Mr. Juppé himself and the other center-right speakers who preceded him, Mr.Trump's name came up often. Each time, it was met with loud boos from the crowdof around 6,000. Mr. Juppé -- ''a man of culture,'' one speaker called him --was depicted as the antithesis of Mr. Trump.''After the election of Donald Trump, after Brexit, will populism triumph in ourcountry? No!'' shouted Patrick Devedjian, a former minister, who introduced Mr.Juppé at the rally.The crowd -- mostly middle-aged or older, buttoned-up and carefully dressed,like Mr. Juppé -- roared approval. ''We've had it up to here with populistbaseness!'' Mr. Devedjian said.Another supporter, Jean-Christophe Lagarde, a prominent centrist politician,told the crowd, ''France doesn't need a mini-Trump in the Élysée!'' -- referringto the presidential palace in Paris.Valérie Pécresse, president of the Paris region's council, was equally scathing.''Populism is about not telling the truth,'' she said. ''Alain,'' she added,turning to Mr. Juppé, seated in the front row, ''you are the antidote topopulism.''Mr. Juppé, who spoke in pithy bullet points, promised to stand up to enemies andrivals -- both internal and external. In a brisk speech that reflected hisclassical education at France's top schools, he brought up Mr. Trump in thecontext of threats to France.''I don't know what Donald Trump's foreign policy will be,'' he told the crowd.''He has said contradictory things. What I know is, there will be an aggressivecommercial policy. So we must be aggressive, too.''Setting himself up as a defender of European unity -- Ms. Le Pen is fiercelyopposed to the European Union -- Mr. Juppé said: ''France can be a world power,in thrall to nobody. But separated, we will be vassals of the big empires allaround us: Russia, China and the U.S.''Afterward, encountered on the boulevard outside the rally, he wondered whetherhis comments about Mr. Trump had been too ''offensive.'' Mr. Juppé has servedtwice as France's foreign minister and chooses his words carefully.But then he shrugged his shoulders, saying about Mr. Trump, ''We'll see.''URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/19/world/europe/france-alain-juppe-center-right.html