The nation ought to be relieved that President-elect Donald Trump has decidednot to press his campaign pledge to criminally investigate rival Hillary Clintonfor her handling of email while secretary of state and for the activities of theClinton Foundation. A drawn-out probe, fueled by Trump from the White House,would invariably become a political circus, take on the overtones of vendettaand deepen the wounds of the election. It would represent a continuation of thereckless "lock her up" chants by Trump's campaign crowds, a mantra thatsuggested a Trump administration would run roughshod over the rule of law.It would also fly in the face of the conclusion already drawn by FBI DirectorJames Comey after a thorough investigation of Clinton's use of a private emailserver while secretary of state. Mr. Comey said that no reasonable prosecutorwould bring a case against Clinton based on the available evidence.With the presidential campaign ended, Trump seems to have concluded that thelegal pursuit of Clinton or former president Bill Clinton would be a legal andpolitical loser. "It would be very, very divisive for the country," he told theNew York Timeson Tuesday. "My inclination," he said, "would be, for whateverpower I have on the matter, is to say let's go forward. This has been looked atfor so long, ad nauseam."But even in his welcome rethinking, it was not clear that Trump understands theprinciple of justice insulated from political control. His statement containedonly a glimmer of recognition that, as president, it should not be for him todecide whether criminal prosecutions are undertaken. The law enforcement systemand the U.S. attorneys who investigate and prosecute federal crimes are supposedto be independent, free from interference by the White House or anyone else. Thepresident's role is to appoint an attorney general and set broad politicalpriorities.In the case of Clinton's emails, Comey has already made a determination; Trump'sstatement suggested he will not, improperly, seek to reverse it once in office.Separately, there may be ongoing investigations into the Clinton Foundation. Ifso, they should be left to the professionals at the FBI and career prosecutorsat the Justice Department.In his career as a brassy and pugilistic tycoon, Trump often gave the impressionhe saw the law as just another tool for advancing his personal interests orretaliating against his foes. Once he sits in the Oval Office, he must behaveccc and think ccc differently. His apparent decision not to pursue Clinton is astep in the right direction. But given his past behavior and campaignstatements, it remains incumbent on Trump to show that he fully accepts the U.S.constitutional mandate of impartial justice and a political system ruled by law.