By Chris CillizzaThe Washington PostThe news, as always, came via Twitter:"NBC News: Source close to Trump with direct knowledge of his thinking confirmsSunday's meeting with Romney is to discuss Secretary of State"Mitt Romney, the face - and voice - of the resistance to Donald Trump in theRepublican primary and the general election will huddle with the president-electover the weekend to talk about possibly serving as the nation's top diplomat.It's uniquely possible, of course, that this meeting is solely for show. Afterall, Trump isn't exactly someone who forgives and forgets. And Romney hassignificant policy disagreements with the president-elect - most notably in howthey view Russia. (Romney has said Russia is "our No. 1 geopolitical foe." Trumphas, um, not.)Plus, the Trump transition team seems committed to floating literally everyperson who has ever been a Republican of any renown as a potential Cabinetappointee.So, yes, this could all be just a giant feint in the ongoing reality show thatis "Donald Trump, President."But, what if it isn't?If Trump is willing to actually offer Romney the Secretary of State job andRomney is actually willing to take it, it would represent a major coup for thepresident-elect. Why?1) Romney is a serious and highly respected, card-carrying member of theRepublican establishment.2) Per above, Romney has made no secret of his disagreements - both personallyand on policy matters - with Trump.3) It would settle the nerves of millions of people who didn't vote for Trump asto what sort of president he might be.The biggest question mark - for all of official Washington - is whether Trumpcan get beyond his own personal grievances and loyalty pledges to actually focuson doing the best thing for the country over the next four years. Who he picksfor his key Cabinet posts - and sSecretary of state is one of the most critical- is a key early indicator of where Trump's mind is.Picking Romney - or even South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley, another prominentcritic whom Trump met with Thursday - would show something that was sorelylacking in Donald Trump the candidate: Magnanimity. A willingness to pick theperson he believes is best for the job, not just someone who was unfailinglyloyal to him during the campaign. Someone who might challenge his assumptions oropinions from time to time. An equal, not a lackey.Again, this would, largely, run counter to how Trump ran his presidentialcampaign. But that would also make picking Romney all the more powerful as asymbol. Campaigns are one thing, it would be Trump saying, but being presidentis another. I want to be surrounded by the best people for the job - no matterwhat we said about each other in the past.This is, of course, the whole "Team of Rivals" concept that garnered PresidentBarack Obama so much good press in his own transition period back in late 2008.Trump has further to go - a lot further to go - than Obama did to heal the riftswithin his own party and answer doubts about his readiness to do the job towhich he was elected. But, the Romney meeting is a step in the right direction.Getting Romney to sign on would be an even bigger one.