CAMBRIDGE, Mass. - The raw, lingering emotion of the 2016 presidential campaignerupted into a shouting match  Thursday as top strategists of Hillary Clinton'scampaign accused their Republican counterparts of fueling and legitimizingracism to elect Donald Trump.The extraordinary exchange came at a postmortem session sponsored by HarvardUniversity's Kennedy School of Government, where top operatives from bothcampaigns sat across a conference table from each other.As Trump's team basked in the glow of its victory and singled out for praise itscampaign's chief executive, Stephen Bannon, who was absent, the row ofgrim-faced Clinton aides who sat opposite them bristled.Clinton communications director Jennifer Palmieri condemned Bannon, whopreviously ran Breitbart, a news site popular with the alt-right, a smallmovement known for espousing racist views."If providing a platform for white supremacists makes me a brilliant tactician,I am proud to have lost," she said. "I would rather lose than win the way youguys did."Kellyanne Conway, Trump's campaign manager, fumed: "Do you think I ran acampaign where white supremacists had a platform?""You did, Kellyanne. You did," interjected Palmieri, who choked up at variouspoints of the session."Do you think you could have just had a decent message for white, working-classvoters?" Conway continued. "How about, it's Hillary Clinton, she doesn't connectwith people? How about, they have nothing in common with her? How about, shedoesn't have an economic message?"Joel Benenson, Clinton's chief strategist, piled on: "There were dog whistlessent out to people. ... Look at your rallies. He delivered it."At which point, Conway accused Clinton's team of being sore losers."Guys, I can tell you are angry, but wow," she said. "Hashtag he's yourpresident. How's that? Will you ever accept the election results? Will you tellyour protesters that he's their president, too?"The session was part of a two-day forum that the school's Institute of Politicshas sponsored in the wake of every presidential election since 1972. Generally,the quadrennial gatherings are frank but civil ones.This year, in the wake of a brutal campaign with a surprise outcome, it wasclear  the wounds have not yet begun to heal.Campaign officials lashed out at each other, and also against the media - whichneither side believed had treated it fairly.Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook also acknowledged that her operation hadmade a number of mistakes and miscalculations, while being buffeted by what herepeatedly described as a "headwind" of being an establishment candidate in aseason where voters were anxious for change.He noted, for example, that younger voters, perhaps assuming  Clinton was goingto win, migrated to third-party candidates in the final days of the race.He and others also faulted FBI Director James Comey for deciding in the waningdays before the election to revive the controversy over Clinton's use of aprivate email system.Trump officials said Clinton's problems went beyond tactics to her weaknesses asa candidate.David Bossie, Trump's deputy campaign manager, taunted Mook: "You call it'headwinds,' I call it self-inflicted wounds."Clinton's campaign insisted, again and again, that their candidate had been heldto a different standard than the other contenders - as evidenced by thecontroversy over her use of a private email system while secretary of state.Palmieri  predicted  the email issue will go down in history as "the mostgrossly overrated, over-covered and most destructive story in all ofpresidential politics.""If I made one mistake, it was legitimizing the way the press covered thisstoryline," Palmieri said.Mook added that Trump deftly used his rally speeches to "switch up the newscycle.""The media by and large was not covering what Hillary Clinton was choosing tosay," Mook said. "They were treating her like the likely winner and they wereconstantly trying to unearth secrets and expose."The strangest criticism of the media, however, was by Trump's former campaignmanager Corey Lewandowski.His complaint: Journalists accurately reported what Trump said."This is the problem with the media. You guys took everything that Donald Trumpsaid so literally," Lewandowski said. "The American people didn't. Theyunderstood it. They understood that sometimes - when you have a conversationwith people, whether it's around the dinner table or at a bar - you're going tosay things and sometimes you don't have all the facts to back it up."Barry Bennett, the campaign manager for retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, said ofvoters: "What they wanted more than anything else was strength, and Donald Trumpwas supplying it every day."Clinton consultant Mandy Grunwald had a darker interpretation, which sheexpressed in an icy backhanded compliment to the Trump team: "I don't think yougive yourself enough credit for the negative campaign you ran."Benenson, meanwhile, served notice that the election may be over but that thebattles it spawned are not."You guys won, that's clear," Benenson said. "But let's be honest. Don't act asif you have a popular mandate for your message. The fact of the matter is thatmore Americans voted for Hillary Clinton than for Donald Trump."At which point Conway turned to her side and said: "Hey, guys, we won. You don'thave to respond. He was the better candidate. That's why he won."