Each January, tens of thousands of pro-lifers descend upon our nation's capitalto mark  the Roe v. Wade anniversary. That's the month in 1973 the Supreme Courtused a fake law to create a fake right to kill our own offspring, and a bodycount that has now reached well over 50 million began.Each January, this mass demonstration rarely gets more than perfunctory coverageby major U.S. newspapers, cable news networks and broadcast news. However, lastweekend a few blocks away from the site of the march, the meeting of a couplehundred racists trying to rebrand themselves as the "alt-right" received days ofcoverage.Type "March for Life" into Google News and 4.6 million results come up. That's apretty hefty number until you type in "alt right" and see it returns more than 6million. How come a term most of us hadn't heard of, until the just-concluded2016 presidential election, gets more attention than a national protest that isolder than Google itself?Talk about your fake news.But a different kind of fake news spread on social media is what a growingchorus of journalists, liberals and tech leaders at least partially blame forDonald Trump's election victory.Satire partisanshipFor most Americans, it's hardly a new phenomenon. It has been going on for quitesome time, actually: Dan Rather's fake gotcha story on George W. Bush during the2004 election. ABC News' failure to disclose ties between George Stephanopoulosand Hillary Clinton before his fake interview about the Clinton Foundation. Themore than 24 "journalists" who took their fake objectivity with them to work inthe Obama administration. When CNN, PBS NewsHour,  The Washington Post, Slateand many others thought fake news was kinda cool because the fake news waswritten by liberal comedians for cable satire shows.There's a difference between the deliberate fakery that fueled Trump andjournalistic failures, but it hard for the public to distinguish when so muchhackery and partisanship slips through. And it is not just Trump backers who aredisillusioned. According to Gallup, since 1997 trust in the news media amongindependents has fallen from 53% to 30%. Among Democrats, it has fallen from 64%to 51%.As a result, we've gone from adults telling their kids, "Don't trust what youread on the Internet," to "Did you hear Ted Cruz's dad killed Kennedy?@TrumpJesus posted it on Twitter."I know firsthandYes, the Trump campaign shamelessly rode a wave of fake news sites to help itcorral a gullible public. I know firsthand because I spent much of theRepublican primary combating this plague as a nationally syndicated conservativetalk show host. It got so bad that for months, we chose to take listener phonecalls only sparingly because we'd spend more time talking about things thatdidn't happen than things that did.For example, former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski once shared a fakestory about folks being paid to protest Trump. Trump himself wondered aloud whynotorious tabloid the National Enquirer hasn't won a Pulitzer. One of its latestheadlines is "Cher's shoe obsession: the ugly early years."But a gullible populace doesn't appear overnight. It has to be cultivated andcultured by years of journalistic malpractice and malfeasance. There have to beyears of mystifying decisions such as the ones to treat a few hundred racists asblockbuster news while relegating tens of thousands of pro-life protesters tothe briefs column. At that point, very few trust the reporting of objectivefacts if they're reported by a source that has proved itself to be anything butobjective.Not to mention that our friends on the left, who are most of the people workingin the mainstream news media, can't have it both ways. When you advocateallowing people to redefine reality to the point that it is controversial and"hateful" to expect people to use the proper bathroom, don't be surprised ifpeople want to decide for themselves which "news" is actually real, too. If Ican claim my own gender and my own pronouns, why can't I claim my own facts?Don't be surprised when folks can't tell the difference between real and fakenews when too many of the people working in our newsrooms can't, either.Steve Deace, who supported Ted Cruz for president, is a nationally syndicatedhost on Salem Radio Network.