Kellyanne Conway, Donald Trump's campaign manager, warned the president-electthat nominating Mitt Romney could be seen as a betrayal by his supporters.NEWYORK- The drama, disputes and falsehoods that permeated Donald Trump'spresidential campaign are now roiling his transition to the White House, forcingaides to defend his baseless assertions of illegal voting and sending internalfights spilling into public.On Monday, a recount effort, led by Green Party candidate Jill Stein and joinedby Hillary Clinton's campaign, also marched on in three states, based partly onthe Stein campaign's unsubstantiated assertion that cyberhacking could haveinterfered with electronic voting machines. Wisconsin officials approved plansto begin a recount as early as Thursday. Stein also asked for a recount inPennsylvania and was expected to do the same in Michigan, where officialscertified Trump's victory Monday.T r u m p h a s a n g r i ly denounced the recounts, while raising otherquestions about the vote. "In addition to winning the Electoral College in alandslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who votedillegally," he said Sunday on Twitter, without providing evidence.Later, he singled out Virginia, California and New Hampshire.There has been no indication of widespread election tampering or voter fraud inthose states or any others, and Trump aides struggled Monday to back up theirboss' claim.Spokesman Jason Miller said illegal voting was "an issue of concern." But theonly evidence he raised was a 2014 news report and a study on votingirregularities conducted before the 2016 election.Trump met Monday with candidates for top Cabinet posts, including retired Gen.David Petraeus, a new contender for secretary of state. Trump is to meet todaywith Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker, who is also being considered more seriously forthe diplomatic post, and Mitt Romney, who has become a symbol of the internaldivisions agitating the transition team.Petraeus said he spent about an hour with Trump, and he praised thepresident-elect for showing a "great grasp of a variety of the challenges thatare out there.""Very good conversation and we'll see where it goes from here," he said. Aformer CIA chief, Petraeus pleaded guilty last year to a misdemeanor charge ofmishandling classified information relating to documents he had provided to hisbiographer, with whom he was having an affair.Vice President-elect Mike Pence, who is heading the transition effort, is saidto be among those backing Romney for State. Romney was fiercely critical ofTrump throughout the campaign but is interested in the Cabinet position, andthey discussed it during a lengthy meeting earlier this month.Other top Trump allies, notably campaign manager Kellyanne Conway, have launcheda highly unusual public campaign to warn the president-elect that nominatingRomney would be seen as a betrayal by his supporters. Conway's comments stirredspeculation that she is seeking to either force Trump's hand or give him coverfor ultimately passing over Romney.Three people close to the transition team said Trump had been aware that Conwayplanned to voice her opinion, both on Twitter and in television interviews. Theydisputed reports that Trump was furious at her and suggested his decision toconsider additional candidates instead highlighted her influence.Conway served as Trump's third campaign manager and largely succeeded innavigating the minefield of rivalries that ensnared other officials. Trump issaid to have offered her a choice of White House jobs - either press secretaryor communications director. But people with knowledge of Conway's plans say sheis more interested in serving as an outside political adviser, akin to the rolePresident Barack Obama's campaign manager David Plouffe played following the2008 election.The wrangling over the State Department post appears to have slowed theannouncements of other top jobs. Retired Gen. James Mat-'Very good conversation and we'll see where it goes from here.'Ret. Gen. David Petraeuscontender for secretary ofstatetis, who impressed Trump during a pre-Thanksgiving meeting, was at the top ofthe list for defense secretary, but a final decision had not been made.Trump was also considering former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani for homelandsecurity secretary, according to those close to the transition process. Giulianiwas initially the front-runner for secretary of state and is still in themix. But questions about his overseas business dealings, as well as the mayor'spublic campaigning for the job, have given Trump pause.Those close to the transition insisted on anonymity in commenting because theywere not authorized to publicly discuss the private process.Even as Trump weighs major decisions that will shape his presidency, he's beenunable to avoid being distracted by the recount effort. He spent Sunday on a12-hour Twitter offensive that included quoting Clinton's concession speech, inwhich she said the public owed Trump "an open mind and the chance to lead."His final tweets challenging the integrity of an election he won werereminiscent of his repeated, unsubstantiated assertions during the campaign thatthe contest might be rigged.Those previous comments sparked an outcry from both Clinton and someRepublicans.Clinton lawyer Marc Elias said the campaign has seen "no actionable evidence" ofvoting anomalies. But the campaign still plans to be involved in Stein's recountto ensure its interests are legally represented.Trump narrowly won Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan. All three would need toflip to Clinton to upend the Republican's victory, and Clinton's team says Trumphas a larger edge in all three states than has ever been overcome in apresidential recount.