TODAY'S HIGHLIGHTOn Nov. 22, 1963, John F. Kennedy, the 35th president of the United States, wasshot to death during a motorcade in Dallas; Texas Gov. John B. Connally, ridingin the same car as Kennedy, was seriously wounded; suspected gunman Lee HarveyOswald was arrested.ON THIS DATEIn 1515, Mary of Guise, the second wife of King James V and the mother of Mary,Queen of Scots, was born in Lorraine, France. In 1718, English pirate EdwardTeach - better known as"Blackbeard"- was killed during a battle off present-dayNorth Carolina. In 1890, French president Charles de Gaulle was born in Lille,France. In 1914, the First Battle of Ypres during World War I ended with anAllied victory against Germany. In 1928,"Bolero"by Maurice Ravel had itspremiere at the Paris Opera. In 1935, a flying boat, the China Clipper, took offfrom Alameda, California, carrying more than 100,000 pieces of mail on the firsttrans-Pacific airmail flight. In 1944, the MGM movie musical"Meet Me in St.Louis,"starring Judy Garland, had its world premiere in St. Louis. In 1955,comic Shemp Howard of"Three Stooges" fame died in Hollywood at age 60. In 1965,the musical"Man of La Mancha"opened on Broadway. Singer-songwriter Bob Dylanmarried Sara Lownds (the marriage lasted 12 years). In 1975, Juan Carlos wasproclaimed King of Spain. In 1989, Rene Mouawad was killed by a bomb afterserving 17 days as president of Lebanon. In 1990, British Prime MinisterMargaret Thatcher, having failed to win re-election of the Conservative Partyleadership on the first ballot, announced she would resign. Ten years ago: Achemical factory explosion in Danvers, Mass., destroyed the surroundingneighborhood but caused no deaths or serious injuries. Five years ago: Baseballplayers and owners signed an agreement for a new labor contract, a deal makingbaseball the first North American professional major league to start bloodtesting on human growth hormone and expanding the playoffs to 10 teams by 2013.Soldier-turned-soap opera star J.R. Martinez and his professional partner,Karina Smirnoff, were named champions of season 13 of ABC's"Dancing with theStars." One year ago: Trying to reassure a nation on edge, President BarackObama said in Malaysia that the Islamic State group"cannot strike a mortal blow"against the U.S., and he warned that overreacting to the Paris attacks wouldplay into extremists'hands. Opposition candidate Mauricio Macri won Argentina'spresidential election, marking an end to the left-leaning era of PresidentCristina Fernandez. Former South Korean President Kim Young-sam, 87, who led thecountry's transition to democracy, died in Seoul. Actress and artist AdeleMorales Mailer, 90, died in New York. Novak Djokovic (NOH'-vak JOH'-kuh-vich)won his fourth straight title at the season-ending ATP finals by beatingsix-time champion Roger Federer 6-3, 6-4. Kyle Busch won his first career SprintCup title claiming the season finale at Homestead-Miami Speedway. One Directionwon artist of the year at the American Music Awards.TODAY'S THOUGHT"Experience is not what happens to a man; it is what a man does with whathappens to him."- Aldous Huxley (1894-1963). Associated Press