Same Old Republican BlueprintHow quickly, as a nation, we have forgotten. Duped and conned once again.When Bush/Cheney and friends took over, Bill Clinton was leaving office with abalanced budget and a strong economy. Disaster soon followed. In spite of theirpromises about national defense, the continental U.S. was successfully attackedby a foreign enemy. The outpouring of goodwill from other nations soondissipated due to the bluster, arrogance and bullying that made up our foreignpolicy.We engaged in two wars. The federal government continued to extend its reach,and we lost some of our civil liberties. Critical oversight on banking and WallStreet was ignored. Our economy was on the brink of collapse. People lostbetter-paying jobs as worse-paying ones were created, and they worked harder andwere forced to retire later. The rich got filthier rich, the poor despairinglypoorer, and the middle class saw its hard-earned money buy less and less.Republicans escalated borrowing, and oil and gas drilling was expanded asregulations were eased.It's clear that Republicans will be following their same old blueprint, soexpect similar results followed by our pleas for rescue by the Democrats.Christopher Saunders, GranbyMuslim Affirms Loyalty;Calls For Just PoliciesDonald Trump won the presidential election fair and square. Now everybody needsto do their part.Mr. Trump has a responsibility to draft a four-year plan of just policies, evenat the expense of revising harsh campaign promises. For example, I completelyagree that our government needs to monitor suspicious characters to thwartviolent extremism. But it would be wrong to ban all Muslims or to demonize anentire religion over the acts of a few renegades who misuse the name of Islam.As Muslims in America, we also need to do our part by heeding the instructionsof the Prophet Muhammad, who told us to follow those who govern us and toconsider loyalty to our country of residence as integral to our faith. He alsoasked us to turn to prayer for the betterment of our nation.Instead of engaging in bitter rhetoric or obstinate protest, all of us -including the incoming commander in chief - need to put into practice our bestideals.Sohail Z. Husain, M.D., North HavenThe writer is a former president of the Connecticut Chapter of the U.S.Ahmadiyya Muslim Youth Organization.Will Witch Hunt Continue Now?In October, House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz, with the blessingof Speaker Paul Ryan, vowed to resume investigative targeting of Hillary Clintonafter the election recess. Chaffetz predicted scheduling at least four separatehearings.Will he continue to claim the necessity of investigations in the name offact-finding and purported national security violations? Or did he have othermotivations?I urge House Republicans to continue their investigations to completion andissue full reports that would either exonerate Clinton or recommend furtherlegal action against her by the Justice Department.Failing to do so will confirm the entire process was politically motivated fromthe start.Brian Duffy, SimsburyWe Need More Real JournalismWe in the U.S. have never needed print and electronic news - reported byprofessional journalists - more than we do today. That has never been moreapparent to me than in my last 18 months binge-watching TV "news" stations.Local TV channels mainly provide news "readers," who mainly give us lots of gorydetails about murders, fires and car accidents. And cable news channels - MSNBC,Fox, etc. - primarily give us pundits who provide us, 24/7, with emotionallyhyped opinions and guesses.All of this is more entertainment than journalism. The only journalism that Ican find is in print or online, from reputable state and national newsorganizations that have investigative staffs to delve into, and beyond, thestories they cover, especially with respect to government actions andcontemplated actions.Although they need more, they have real reporters - journalists - who do morethan parrot press releases and opine about stories. These folks performold-fashioned fact-checking, interpretation of data and its sources, andunemotional, serious-minded analyses of potential effects on the populace.We have to step up to the plate - and reach into our wallets - to support goodjournalism wherever we find it. Or we will surely lose it.Margaret Cibes, Hartford