In April 2015, the Clinton campaign held a private dinner party with at least 65journalists and pundits in attendance. Individuals from CNN, CBS, The New YorkTimes, NBC, MSNBC and more came together under the campaign's stated goal of"framing the race" to help Clinton win. Many of the above media outlets wereindeed the Clinton campaign's biggest surrogates throughout the 2016presidential election.This past election cycle was unprecedented in terms of the bias and lack ofobjectivity exercised by the mainstream media. The emphasis on mainstream mediablaming "fake news" for Donald Trump's election is an attempt to distract anddivert the feedback loop developed between the Clinton campaign and much of thepress. Throughout the 2016 election, the media obsessed over Trump to elevatehis candidacy. He was their preferred opponent for Hillary Clinton-after theyhad thoroughly subverted Sen. Bernie Sanders' campaign for the Democraticnomination.Several journalists from The New York Times, which formally endorsed Clintontwice, created propaganda for the Clinton campaign rather than independentjournalism. The Times' Mark Leibovich allowed Clinton campaign communicationsdirector Jennifer Palmieri to "veto what you didn't want" from his interviewwith Clinton. Maggie Haberman was listed by the Clinton campaign as a friendlyreporter with whom they could plant stories. Haberman also allowedClintoncampaign staff to proofread her pro-Clinton stories.The Times' Patrick Healy published a "heroine" piece planted by the Clintoncampaign about New Hampshire Clinton campaign volunteer Laura Donahoe. JonathanMartin was revealed to have been coached through a story on the Clinton campaignby manager Robby Mook. Jason Horowitz solicited a quote from Clinton campaignchair John Podesta on a hit piece about the relationship between President Obamaand Sanders.The New York Times wasn't alone. Politico reporter Ken Vogel had DemocraticNational Committee (DNC) communications director Luis Miranda review an articlebefore he sent it to editors as part of an agreement with the DNC. Politico hassince called Vogel's actions "a mistake." Glenn Thrush also allowed Podesta toapprove articles.CNN published an anti-Sanders Op-Ed written by Clinton lobbyist Maria Cardona-itwas proofread by the DNC.The Intercept reported in May that an Op-Ed ostensibly written by Atlanta MayorKasim Reed and intended to discredit Sanders was actually written by a Clintonlobbyist and proofread by a Clinton Super PAC, which sent the article to CNN.CNN regularly featured pundits with financial ties to the Clintons, yet failedto disclose those ties before the pundits praised Clinton. DNC interim chairDonna Brazile was revealed to have obtained CNN debate questions while workingfor the network and forwarded them to the Clinton campaign. CNN also allowed theDNC to compile questions to be asked during interviews with Republicancandidates on air.In the WikiLeaks release of DNC emails, The Washington Post was exposed to havehosted a joint fundraiser with the Clinton campaign. The paper publishedhyperbolic hit pieces on Sanders throughout the primaries, including theeditorial board calling his campaign "fiction-filled" and an article publishedwith the title claiming that nominating Sanders would be "insane." Fairness andAccuracy in Reporting's (FAIR) Adam Johnson pointed out the Postpublished 16 hitpieces on Sanders in the span of 16 hours in early March. Harper's Thomas Frankwrote also a detailed piece on how WaPo sabotaged Sanders during the primaries.Wall Street Journal reporter Laura Meckler received a letter leaked to her fromDNC communications director Miranda and used it to write a hit piece on Sandersduring the primaries. Miranda used the same reporter to criticize Sanders in themedia over convention platform appointments.The Associated Press was cited by the Clinton campaign as a publication in whichthey could plant stories with friendly journalists Matt Lee and Bradley Klapper,including discussions regarding the private email server scandal. Robby Mook'sassistant emailed fellow Clinton staff members asking what time would theyprefer the story be published by the AP. They also called the Democraticprimaries for Clinton before California even voted, citing anonymoussuperdelegates.MSNBC halted negative coverage of former DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultzafter she called the network's president, Phil Griffin, to complain. Two daysafter Clinton campaign staff discussed how to attack Sanders on campaign financeby citing a Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee (DSCC) retreat he attendedseveral months earlier, MSNBC reporter Alex Seitz-Wald wrote a Sanders hit pieceusing the very same criticisms. Seitz-Wald, like many other pro-Clintonjournalists, started out at John Podesta's Center for American Progress.Seitz-Wald also propagated the chair-throwing myth at the Nevada DemocraticConvention to discredit Sanders and his supporters. Meet the Press host ChuckTodd held a private party for Jennifer Palmieri while she was working as theClinton campaign communications director.  MSNBC host Joy Reid regularly pushedfalse narratives in order to help Clinton, especially in regards to WikiLeaks.Rachel Maddow premiered ads from Clinton Super PACs on her show.CNBC correspondent John Harwood emailed Clinton Podesta on a regular basis,soliciting access in exchange for friendly coverage on Clinton.Several prominent bloggers-MTV News' Jamil Smith, Guardian columnists Sady Doyleand Jessica Valenti, Tech LadyMafia founder Aminatou Sow, America's Voice GabeOrtiz and Latino blogger Elianne Ramos who was later hired by the Clintoncampaign-were selected by Clinton campaign staff to attend a conference call inwhich they could disseminate information they wanted the bloggers to propagate"without our fingerprints."Vox's editor in chief, Ezra Klein, was cited by Clinton campaign staff as anattack dog they could use to push out a story they were putting together.All these outlets and networks played significant roles in perpetuating falsenarratives in favor of the Clinton campaign. This includes the "Bernie Bros"myth, the whitewashing of the Sanders campaign, and adding superdelegates toDemocratic primary tallies, even though they don't cast their votes until theDemocratic National Convention.The DNC and Clinton campaign manipulated mainstream media coverage to furtherClinton's candidacy, especially in the Democratic primaries.Clinton's lack of press conferences during the primaries and general electionare symptomatic of her not willing to deal with any media not entirelysubservient to the campaign's political agenda. As the mainstream media offersmore excuses to avoid responsibility and accountability for this election, majorpress reforms are needed. Admitting the vast amounts of unethical, pro-Clintoncoverage among media elites would be a good start.