ANCHORAGE, Alaska - Among Donald Trump's many promises on his way to the WhiteHouse was a tweeted vow to change the new name of North America's tallestmountain back to Mount McKinley.President Barack Obama's administration renamed the Alaska peak Denali in asymbolic gesture to Alaska Natives ahead of the president's visit to the statelast year.Alaskans long have informally called the mountain Denali - "the great one" inAthabascan. But the federal government recognized the name invoking the 25thpresident, William McKinley, who was born in Ohio and assassinated early in hissecond term. McKinley never set foot in Alaska.In his tweet, Trump called the name switch a "great insult to Ohio."But if he indeed moves to undo it, Trump can expect pushback from Alaskans."We wanted that change for a long time, and now we finally have it, and we needto leave it alone," said Victor Joseph, president of Tanana Chiefs Conference, aconsortium of 42 Athabascan tribes in Interior Alaska. The organization spentyears advocating for what they consider the 20,310-foot peak's original name."It was an insult to the first people of this land when they took away the nameand gave it to somebody else," Joseph said.It's unclear at this early stage if Trump will take action. Changing the namewould require a presidential executive order or an act of Congress, according tothe federal board that oversees place names.Troy Eid, chairman of the Indian Law and Order Commission and a member of thepresident-elect's transition team, said in an email Tuesday he was not in aposition to comment.The three Republicans who make up Alaska's congressional delegation eitherdeclined to comment or did not respond to requests for comment. Sen. LisaMurkowski - who called for Trump to leave the Republican ticket after theemergence of a recording of Trump making lewd comments about women - longadvocated for the mountain's Alaska Native name and thanked Obama for embracingit.Republican Ohio Rep. Bob Gibbs slammed the name swap as Obama's "constitutionaloverreach" and said he would look at trying to prevent it. This week, hisspokesman Dallas Gerber said Gibbs hadn't decided what legislation he'dintroduce in the next Congress.Alaska had a standing request with the federal government to rename the mountaindating to 1975, when a state board adopted the Denali name.Ohio Rep. Ralph Regula, a Republican, then began the tradition of filinglegislation to keep the Mount McKinley name.Active legislation over the years blocked the federal U.S. Board on GeographicNames from taking up the issue.The change came about when Interior Secretary Sally Jewell issued an orderciting a 1947 law that allows her agency to replace names unilaterally when theboard fails to act within a reasonable time.Legislation seeking to maintain the Denali moniker theoretically could againstall the process, according to Lou Yost, the board's executive secretary.Added Interior Department spokeswoman Amanda DeGroff in an email to theAssociated Press: "It would be a mistake to undo something that Alaska andAlaska Natives have wanted for decades and the President and the Secretary areproud to have supported."