WASHINGTON -- The Obama administration said on Friday that despite Russianattempts to undermine the presidential election, it has concluded that theresults ''accurately reflect the will of the American people.''The statement came as liberal opponents of Donald J. Trump, some citing fears ofvote hacking, are seeking recounts in three states -- Wisconsin, Michigan andPennsylvania -- where his margin of victory was extremely thin.A drive by Jill Stein, the Green Party candidate, for recounts in those stateshad brought in more than $5 million by midday on Friday, her campaign said, andhad increased its goal to $7 million. She filed for a recount in Wisconsin onFriday, about an hour before the deadline.In its statement, the administration said, ''The Kremlin probably expected thatpublicity surrounding the disclosures that followed the Russiangovernment-directed compromises of emails from U.S. persons and institutions,including from U.S. political organizations, would raise questions about theintegrity of the election process that could have undermined the legitimacy ofthe president-elect.''That was a reference to the breach of the Democratic National Committee's emailsystem, and the leak of emails from figures like John D. Podesta, HillaryClinton's campaign chairman.''Nevertheless, we stand behind our election results, which accurately reflectthe will of the American people,'' it added.Supporters of Mrs. Clinton have enthusiastically backed the notion ofchallenging the results in the three states as a last-ditch effort to reverseMr. Trump's clear majority in the Electoral College. They have seized onsuggestions by some computer scientists that the states, which were crucial toMr. Trump's victory, need to manually review paper ballots to ensure theelection was not hacked.The campaign, uniting around the hashtag #AuditTheVote, has picked up momentumamong grass-roots activists still mourning Mr. Trump's victory. But the pleasfor recounts have gained no support from the Clinton campaign, which hasconcluded that it is highly unlikely to change the outcome.In Michigan, Ms. Stein must wait for a Monday meeting of the state's Board ofCanvassers to certify the results of the Nov. 8 balloting before filing for arecount. In Pennsylvania, where paper ballots are used only in some areas,election officials said that the deadline to petition for a recount had passed,but that a candidate could challenge the result in court before a Mondaydeadline.The recount efforts have generated pushback by experts who said it would beenormously difficult to hack voting machines on a large scale. Theadministration, in its statement, confirmed reports from the Department ofHomeland Security and intelligence officials that they did not see ''anyincreased level of malicious cyberactivity aimed at disrupting our electoralprocess on Election Day.''The administration said it remained ''confident in the overall integrity ofelectoral infrastructure, a confidence that was borne out.'' It added: ''As aresult, we believe our elections were free and fair from a cybersecurityperspective.''However, intelligence officials are still investigating the impact of a broaderRussian ''information warfare'' campaign, in which fake news about Mrs. Clinton,and about United States-Russia relations, appeared intended to influence voters.Many of those false reports originated from RT News and Sputnik, twostate-funded Russian sites.Those fake-news reports were widely circulated on social media, independentstudies, including one set for release soon, have shown, sometimes in anorganized fashion by groups that appear to have had common ownership.Individuals, conservative talk-show hosts and activists recirculated them, oftennot knowing, or apparently not caring, about the accuracy of the reports.A study published just before the election on warontherocks.com, written byAndrew Weisburd, Clinton Watts and J. M. Berger, documented efforts by''trolls'' to attack the reputations of those who challenged Russia's activitiesin Syria, and to spread rumors about Mrs. Clinton's health. The study said thatan effort to track 7,000 social media accounts over two and a half yearsindicated that support for Mr. Trump ''isn't the end of Russia's social mediaand hacking campaign in America, but merely the beginning.''But the misinformation effort is far from black-and-white. Many people whospread false news have no connections to any foreign power, including a man inAustin, Tex., who posted a Twitter message saying that paid protesters werebeing bused to an anti-Trump demonstration there. Though the report quickly wentviral, the buses, it turned out, were there for a corporate conference.Other examples, including one studied by a group called Propaganda or Not andfirst cited by The Washington Post, appear to have more concrete connections toRussia. In late August, stories suggesting that Mrs. Clinton might haveParkinson's disease were circulated on trupundit.com, which often runspro-Russian material. It clearly twisted an email sent by one of Mrs. Clinton'stop aides about a drug called Provigil that is used to treat sleepiness. It hasalso been prescribed to patients with sleepiness as a side effect from severaldifferent ailments, the email added, including ''Parkinson's, Alzheimer's andmultiple sclerosis.''That single reference was enough to create a fake story suggesting that Mrs.Clinton was being treated for Parkinson's.The allegation was quickly shot down by several news organizations. It madelittle difference: Propaganda or Not, made up of former national security,intelligence and other professionals, and some workers at Google and othertechnology firms, concluded that it was reproduced tens of thousands of times,sometimes by botnets, and viewed millions of times.But it is not known whether that news was circulated under Russian governmentdirection, or simply by Russian sympathizers, or Mrs. Clinton's opponents.The barrage of online efforts to influence the election this year has promptedbroader concerns that similar attempts, directed by the Kremlin or itssurrogates, could now be focused on elections next year in Germany and France.The goal, intelligence officials and outside experts fear, is to undermine thecohesiveness of the Western alliance, particularly NATO members, by calling intoquestion the validity of democratic elections.''We simply don't know what the effects of the 'fake news' and otherdisinformation was,'' said Jason Healey, an expert on cyberconflict at ColumbiaUniversity. ''If they were able to influence in favor of Trump by one or twopercentage points in some places, they will be encouraged to try again for theFrench and the Germans.''The efforts have also prompted debate inside Facebook and other social mediafirms about their responsibility to filter out false news. But doing so is acomplex task, akin to editing a news operation, and it comes with complexpolitical calculations: Once social media firms begin editing here to Americanstandards, they will be under pressure from authoritarian regimes to do the sameto their standards.In its statement, the administration focused chiefly on the threat of Russianmanipulation of the vote on Election Day, not on the proliferation of propagandaand fake news.Ms. Stein, of the Green Party, acknowledged on Thursday in an interview with thePBS ''NewsHour'' that it was unlikely that recounts could change the results.Still, she said that ''this was an election in which we saw hacking all over theplace,'' and that ''at the same time, we have a voting system which has beenproven to basically be wide open to hackers.''URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/25/us/politics/hacking-russia-election-fears-barack-obama-donald-trump.html