KINGSFORD HEIGHTS -- It's a bright, sunny day, particularly for late November inIndiana, and Steve Hand has moseyed down the street to chat with a friendworking in the yard.The retired 76-year-old has lived in this southern LaPorte County town for mostof his life. Hand's parents were among the first drawn to the now-empty WorldWar II munitions plant that in 1940 inspired the U.S. government to create themodest community.It's nice here, he says, and quiet. People tend to know and watch out for oneanother, and the only crimes are petty ones.But things have changed, Hand laments, nodding down the street where too manyhomes are in various states of disrepair. Some torn screens, some peeling paint,some trash in the front yard, all mixed in with a series of neatly decoratedhomes."There hasn't been a lot of growth in this town," he says.Good-paying jobs are hard to come by now.And younger people, he says, "want everything given to 'em."So Hand, who says he's a registered Democrat in a county and a precinct that hasfor decades leaned heavily Democratic, voted for Donald Trump.And he voted against Hillary Clinton.She lies about everything, he says. And she and the current administration haveproven unsupportive to police officers and veterans -- two groups Hand defends,as a former volunteer deputy and a veteran in a family of former soldiers.He read about Clinton's stances against veterans on Facebook, he says, althoughhe knows you can't believe everything you read there.Although Trump has seemed to ease off a few of his campaign pledges since theelection, such as promises to repeal Obamacare and build a wall along Mexico,"he's not perfect," Hand says. "Nobody is.""You've got a right to change your mind," he says. "Everybody's got a right tochange their mind."Voters in the Kingsford Heights precinct certainly did.In 2012, 60 percent of voters in the precinct cast their ballots for PresidentBarack Obama. Four years later, Hand's was one of 458 votes -- nearly 56 percent-- for Trump. The numbers were similar in the neighboring precinct of Kingsbury,where 58 percent of voters backed Obama four years ago. But this year, theprecinct saw a dramatic flip: 61 percent of voters backed Trump.The results confirm national and statewide trends showing a sizable number ofvoters who cast their ballots for Obama in 2012 instead choosing Trump thisyear. In fact, a Republican presidential candidate hadn't won LaPorte Countysince 1988.The Republican wave even left its mark in St. Joseph County, which traditionallyleans Democratic but where Trump garnered nearly half the votes this year.Kingsford Heights' dramatic vote reversal says plenty about the frustrations andstruggles of an unusual town -- the types of economic struggles that drew peopleto Trump in other Midwest states and helped catapult him into the White House.But it also gives a peek into the political philosophies of rural Indiana.Town born of warAs the United States prepared to enter World War II, the government openedmunitions plants around the country. The southern portion of LaPorte County,flat and sparsely populated, was deemed an ideal site -- away from easy enemyattack and home to significant railways and highways. If something were to gohorribly wrong during the delicate assembling of weapons, casualties would befewer there.The plant, built in 1940 and 1941 over 20 square miles near Kingsbury, was oneof the largest such plants in the country and initially needed 10,000 workers.So to lure more of them, the government platted a new town right outside thefactory gates: Kingsford Heights.The town consisted of 2,600 dormitories, trailers and prefabricated homes.Workers were attracted to the plant's higher-than-average wages. By May 1942,one report says, the plant employed 20,785, nearly half of them women.Minorities, too, moved into town to take advantage of the federal jobs.Yet many of the workers, despite rubber and gas rationing, commuted from nearbytowns such as Knox and LaPorte.In 1943, a Chicago newspaper called Kingsford Heights a "ghost town," outliningwhat it described as a government failure and quoting a congressman from SouthBend who called for an investigation.Almost $13 million was spent on the 530-acre development that included roads andsidewalks, landscaping, utility plants and a still-unfinished school, theChicago Tribune reported. Yet only 218 residences were occupied."Few children were seen," according to the article. "The lights last night wereshining on deserted streets and rows of dark, empty houses."After the war ended in 1945, production at the Kingsbury Ordnance Plant halted.It resumed shell production for a short time during the Korean War in the early1950s but then closed for good. Much of the KOP property now is a fish andwildlife preserve, and some of it has returned to farmland.Today, sidewalks that end in lawns or overgrown empty lots are reminders ofwhere prefabricated homes once stood, says Evelyn Ballinger, a lifelongKingsford Heights resident whose parents were original KOP workers. Many ofthose government homes were later moved to cities like Gary and South Bend.Ballinger, a frequent town board president who stopped by the town hall lastweek to pay her utility bill, believes residents are struggling more financiallythese days.She and others still think Kingsford Heights is great place to raise kids, butthey know it has long been regarded as a high-poverty area."We've had that sort of stigma, and it's never left us," she said.Many of the town's children have gone to college and become respectedprofessionals like doctors and researchers -- but they don't move back."When I was growing up, we were poor, but we had pride," the 76-year-old says ofher hometown. "You don't find that much anymore."Ballinger is a Democrat, and she voted for Clinton. But as a poll worker thisyear in the town's fire station, where the lines were so long they had to callfor another voting machine, she knew a lot more people were voting for Trump."I heard a lot of young people who were looking for a change," she says of thoseseeking better education and jobs. 'The wrong woman'Economic factors were not the main motivations for Kingsford Heights voter IvanMeszaros.The 43-year-old moved here two years ago from Cleveland for his job as amechanical engineer for Models Plus, a local company that makes plastic medicalmodels such as those found in doctors' offices.He is a registered Democrat, he says, but his views have turned moreconservative over the years, as Democrats have increasingly attacked those withother ideas."I don't think Trump's a perfect guy," Meszaros said, adding, "He's a loudmouthand a narcissist."But Clinton's decisions in Benghazi and Syria concerned him, and he hatesObamacare. He'd rather pay his own medical bills out of pocket than to be forcedto buy an insurance policy. He was fined $800 last year for not having healthcoverage, and he says he's prepared for an even larger fine this year."It's wrong for a government to compel me to buy anything," he said.His fiance, Rachel Duncan, moved to Kingsford Heights a year ago to live withMeszaros and her daughter. Duncan took a job as a consultant at Models Plus buthas since been laid off.A "Hillary for Prison 2016" sign still hangs in the front window of their smallwhite home. Ivan is the one who made the sign, Duncan said. But she, too, votedfor Trump.Trump "realizes all our jobs are being outsourced, and he'll bring back jobs,"she said of a topic that hits close to home.She leans toward Libertarianism, believing government has become too big andinvasive. And she worried about Trump's "forcefulness" but said Clinton wasinvolved in too many shady deals as secretary of state.Does she hope a woman is elected president in her daughter's lifetime?"I hope so," she responded. Voting against a woman "was the only thing that washard for me.""But," she added, "Hillary was the wrong woman."Scary times?There's only one diner in Kingsford Heights, and on Wednesday last week, Renee'sCafe was doing a steady lunch and carryout business.Joyce Lile retired in September as manager of the elementary school's cafeteria.The 74-year-old is sat at a table with her 24-year-old granddaughter, MelissaLile, and Melissa's 14-month-old daughter.Joyce technically lives outside the town limits but still in the precinct. She'slived here since 1963.Some things have changed for the worse, she acknowledged. Most of the shops thatused to be here burned down and have not been replaced. People don't generallyafford each other the respect they once did. She knew it was time to retire whenyou could no longer give a needy kid a hug at school.Still, "the town doesn't get the praise that it should," she said.Melissa, her granddaughter, lives just across the Starke County line, near BassLake. Both women note that while Trump signs dotted the surrounding landscape,Clinton political signs were nonexistent.Joyce had intended to vote for Trump, although she disliked both candidates.But, she says, something struck her when she set foot in the fire station tovote: At the last minute, she went for Clinton."You voted for Clinton?" her granddaughter asked, astonished. "You voted for acriminal?""It's still better than Trump," Joyce replied gently.Besides, she told Melissa, accusations against Clinton were unproven, and Trumpis going to lead us into war."You do know we're pretty much in war now, right?" the younger woman asked hergrandmother."The younger generation," Joyce explained to a reporter, "hasn't been throughhard times yet."Their political disagreements continued: Melissa thought Clinton would ban gunsand was in favor of "killing babies." Joyce doesn't want a gun, and she thoughtsome people jumped to conclusions about Clinton's stance on abortion.Joyce didn't recall whom she voted for in 2012. But one of her sons married awoman from Japan, and she worries now about their mixed-race children's safety.She worries about a lot of things as she grows older.Does Melissa, who voted for Obama in 2012, think we'll elect a woman forpresident in her daughter's lifetime?"God, I hope not. They're too bitchy," the younger woman said quickly. "Womenare just too prone to their emotions."Maybe, she added more slowly, someday a woman could be president. If it were theright woman.But for now, she has no doubt that Trump is the man for the job.Virginia Black: 574-235-6321vblack@sbtinfo.com