WASHINGTON -- President-elect Donald J. Trump moved quickly on Friday to beginfilling national security posts at the top echelons of his administration,selecting a group of hawks and campaign loyalists who reflect the hard-lineviews that defined his run for president.Mr. Trump said he would nominate as attorney general Senator Jeff Sessions ofAlabama, who has been a fierce supporter of a crackdown on undocumentedimmigrants. The president-elect also moved to install Michael T. Flynn, aretired lieutenant general who has said that Islamist militancy poses a globalexistential threat, as his national security adviser. And as director of theC.I.A., Mr. Trump selected Representative Mike Pompeo of Kansas, who harshlycriticized Hillary Clinton during the House investigation of the 2012 attack onthe United States diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya.All three are regarded, in some ways, as outliers from conventional Republicanthinking, shunned at times for strident statements, controversial positions orhighly partisan moves.The flurry of announcements indicated that Mr. Trump was gaining control over atransition operation that had been entangled in infighting during its earlystages. The results were the first seeds of an administration-in-waiting thatwill break starkly with that of President Obama.Transition officials said Mr. Trump would meet over the weekend with a broadarray of potential cabinet members and other advisers as a signal that he wantedto build a diverse team, without regard to political affiliation or support forhis presidential bid. Among them are Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican nomineeand one of his party's harshest critics of the president-elect's campaign, whois a contender for secretary of state, and Michelle A. Rhee, a Democrat whopursued sweeping reforms during her controversy-filled tenure as the District ofColumbia's chancellor of schools.Mr. Trump also planned to meet on Saturday with James N. Mattis, a retiredMarine Corps general who headed United States Central Command and is beingconsidered for secretary of defense.But there was no evidence in Friday's selections that Mr. Trump, who has hintedthat he might pursue a more centrist agenda once he sits in the Oval Office, isinclined to moderate his approach on key questions of national security andcivil rights.In a statement on Friday, Mr. Trump called Mr. Sessions a ''world-class legalmind,'' and added that Mr. Pompeo would be ''a brilliant and unrelenting leaderfor our intelligence community.''Of General Flynn, he said: ''I am pleased that Lieutenant General Michael Flynnwill be by my side as we work to defeat radical Islamic terrorism, navigategeopolitical challenges and keep Americans safe at home and abroad.''Both Mr. Sessions and General Flynn were early and fervent supporters of Mr.Trump's presidential campaign, even as many establishment Republicans werecriticizing Mr. Trump for inflammatory statements and dismissing his chances ofwinning the nomination. Mr. Pompeo initially supported Senator Marco Rubio ofFlorida in the Republican primary, but switched after it became clear Mr. Trumpwould be the nominee. Mr. Pompeo is also close to Vice President-elect MikePence, who is heading the transition effort.In 1986, Mr. Sessions -- who, if confirmed, would be charged with safeguardingcivil rights in the United States -- was blocked from becoming a federal judgeby the Senate's Republican-controlled Judiciary Committee because of previousracially charged comments and actions.In testimony before the committee, former colleagues said that Mr. Sessions hadreferred to the N.A.A.C.P., the Southern Christian Leadership Conference andother civil rights groups as ''un-American'' and ''Communist-inspired.'' AnAfrican-American federal prosecutor, Thomas H. Figures, said at the time thatMr. Sessions had referred to him as ''boy,'' and testified that Mr. Sessions hadsaid the Ku Klux Klan was fine ''until I found out they smoked pot,'' a remarkMr. Sessions later dismissed as a joke.Aides to Mr. Trump dismissed the past statements, and described Mr. Sessions asa champion of civil rights, citing as evidence a number of desegregationlawsuits he filed while serving as a United States attorney in Alabama, hisvotes to extend the Voting Rights Act and to confirm Eric H. Holder Jr. as thefirst African-American attorney general, and his efforts to award theCongressional Gold Medal to Rosa Parks.''Senator Sessions is someone who's universally respected across party lines inthe United States Senate,'' said Jason Miller, a spokesman for Mr. Trump'stransition team, calling him ''very well qualified for this position.''Senator Jeff Flake, Republican of Arizona, said on Twitter that Mr. Sessions was''well liked and well regarded, even by those who don't always agree with him.''He added, ''I look forward to supporting his nomination.''Other Republican senators and conservative groups likewise rallied behind Mr.Sessions, while Democrats have pledged to keep an open mind on confirming him.But, in a reflection of the tough questions he is likely to face in hisconfirmation hearing, civil rights groups and their champions in Congresscondemned the choice.''Given some of his past statements and his staunch opposition to immigrationreform,'' said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the new minority leader, ''Iam very concerned about what he would do with the Civil Rights Division at theDepartment of Justice, and want to hear what he has to say.''Mr. Trump's selection of General Flynn, which does not require Senateconfirmation, was similarly cheered by conservative organizations and met withalarm by Democrats. He has called Islam a political ideology that has''metastasized'' into a ''malignant cancer.'' After building a reputation as arespected military officer, he was fired by President Obama after two years asthe chief of the Defense Intelligence Agency. General Flynn has since been avociferous critic of a Washington elite he contends has refused to name radicalIslam as the enemy, and is therefore doomed to fall short in defeating it.''His statements about Muslims are profoundly un-American as well as damaging tothe fight against terrorism and national security,'' said Senator Ron Wyden,Democrat of Oregon and a member of the Intelligence Committee. ''He hasindicated an openness to torture and the destruction of an entire city, both ofwhich are clearly illegal, not to mention immoral and destructive to America'sglobal leadership.''Mr. Wyden said that the president-elect, who last week chose Stephen K. Bannon,who has promoted hard-right nationalism as the chairman of Breitbart News,appeared to be building ''a White House leadership that embodies the mostdivisive rhetoric of his campaign.''Mr. Pompeo, a graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point andHarvard Law School, was elected to Congress in 2010 with substantial financialbacking from a political action committee funded by Koch Industries, based inWichita, Kan. He has criticized Mr. Obama's decisions to shut down the C.I.A.'s''black site'' prisons and to require all interrogators to strictly adhere toanti-torture laws. In 2014, he accused Mr. Obama of refusing ''to take the waron radical Islamic terrorism seriously.''After the House Select Committee on Benghazi found no new evidence of wrongdoingby the Obama administration or Mrs. Clinton, who was the secretary of state atthe time of the attack, Mr. Pompeo and another Republican on the committee,Representative Jim Jordan of Ohio, said they were convinced there had been acover-up, and they filed a 48-page addendum that included far harsher criticismof the administration and of Mrs. Clinton. Other Republicans, including thecommittee's chairman, declined to add their names to the document.Representative Adam B. Schiff, Democrat of California, called Mr. Pompeo ''verybright and hard-working.''''While we have had our share of strong differences -- principally on thepoliticization of the tragedy in Benghazi -- I know that he is someone who iswilling to listen and engage, both key qualities in a C.I.A. director,'' Mr.Schiff said.Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and in theMorning Briefing newsletter.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/19/us/politics/donald-trump-administration.html