The 2016 election makes one last campaign stop this week, at thousands of homeswhere people will be celebrating Thanksgiving.That raises the question: Is sucha holiday the appropriate setting for political discussions that have theability to turn toxic and zap all the love and goodwill in the room?The expertsagree that talking about politics or other hot-button issues during theThanksgiving holiday may be akin to tiptoeing through a minefield.CharlotteLankard, a licensed marriage and family therapist in Oklahoma City, recommends apreemptive strike, especially if the family has a history of volatiledebates."If people would all agree not to discuss politics that could shut itoff at the start," Lankard said."And always keep in mind it takes two people tobicker and so those family members who are mature enough to not participate cansimply ignore, shrug their shoulders or walk into another room."For some, that'seasier said than done. The temptation to express a view this year may be almostimpossible to resist, after the nation has gone through one of the mostcontentious election cycles in recent memory.Recalling the spirited discussionsof the past might be another way to nuke a hot conversation.Mariana Lloyd is anEdmond real estate agent and a proud conservative. Many of her relatives shareher beliefs.Like most families, there are usually a few who don't."I have two stepdaughterswho are extremely liberal," she said. "There have been years that we haveliterally stayed up all night arguing about President Obama's policies," shesaid. "No one won and we went to bed upset."Since then there's been a new rule:no discussing politics when they visit.Chad McCoy, a counselor with EdmondFamily Counseling, also has seen some of the verbal eruptions."You have toremember, this is your family," he said. "Politicians come and go but yourfamily is for life."He said there will be many times when the maverick guestjust can't control his or her tongue."Explain to them that you feeluncomfortable with the discussion, especially if it's your house and you canpolitely ask them to talk about another topic."Don Sherry of Don SherryCommunications doesn't want to see a pleasant meal turn into a hornet's nest. Hehas progressive views but knows there are other things to talk about."As wegather to be with our relatives for the Thanksgiving celebration this year,there will be plenty to talk about," Sherry said. "But we will leave thepolitics at home."McCoy says Thanksgiving probably isn't the right setting torehash this year's presidential election. Yet it's a possibility."Be polite andunderstand they are your family and they have their right to their opinions," hesaid. "Thanksgiving is about togetherness."That's a lesson Sherry haslearned."It's just not worth upsetting people and ruining an otherwise pleasantdinner and evening," he said.Some wonder what there is to gain by hosting aliving room version of a Clinton-Trump debate."We aren't going to change theirminds and they can't change ours," Lloyd said.For some, the feelings may be toobitter, Lankard said."If you know in advance it will be turmoil, perhaps yourfamily might consider making other plans," she said.McCoy warns to look beyondwhat's being bantered about."Remember these are people, not just votes," hesaid. "Live and let live."