This year, the adage that ''falsehood flies and the truth comes limping afterit'' doesn't begin to describe the problem. That idea assumes that the trutheventually catches up. There's not much evidence of this happening for themillions of people taken in by the fake news stories -- like Pope Francisendorsing Donald Trump or Mr. Trump pulling ahead of Hillary Clinton in thepopular vote -- that have spread on social media sites.Most of the fake news stories are produced by scammers looking to make a quickbuck. The vast majority of them take far-right positions. But a big part of theresponsibility for this scourge rests with internet companies like Facebook andGoogle, which have made it possible for fake news to be shared nearly instantlywith millions of users and have been slow to block it from their sites.Mark Zuckerberg, the founder and chief executive of Facebook, has  dismissedthe notion that fake news is prevalent on his platform or that it had aninfluence on the election. But according to a BuzzFeed News analysis, during thelast three months of the presidential campaign, the 20 top fake news stories onFacebook generated more engagement -- shares, likes and comments -- than the 20top stories from real news websites.These hoaxes are not just bouncing around among like-minded conspiracytheorists; candidates and elected officials are sharing them, too. Senator BenSasse, Republican of Nebraska, on Thursday tweeted about people who have beenpaid to riot against Mr. Trump -- an idea propagated by fake news stories. A manwho wrote a number of false news reports told The Washington Post that Trumpsupporters and campaign officials often shared his false anti-Clinton postswithout bothering to confirm the facts and that he believes his work may havehelped elect the Republican nominee.Abroad, the dissemination of fake news on Facebook, which reaches 1.8 billionpeople globally, has been a longstanding problem. In countries like Myanmar,deceptive internet content has reportedly contributed to ethnic violence. And ithas influenced elections in Indonesia, the Philippines and elsewhere. Socialmedia sites have also been used to spread misinformation about the referendum onthe peace deal in Colombia and about Ebola in West Africa.Facebook says it is working on weeding out such fabrications. It said lastMonday that it would no longer place Facebook-powered ads on fake news websites,a move that could cost Facebook and those fake news sites a lucrative source ofrevenue. Earlier on the same day, Google said it would stop letting those sitesuse its ad placement network. These steps would help, but Facebook, inparticular, owes its users, and democracy itself, far more.Facebook has demonstrated that it can effectively block content like click-baitarticles and spam from its platform by tweaking its algorithms, which determinewhat links, photos and ads users see in their news feeds. Nobody outside thecompany knows exactly how its software works and why you might see posts sharedby some of your friends frequently and others rarely. Recently, the companyacknowledged that it had allowed businesses to target or exclude users for adsfor housing, employment and credit based on their ethnicity, in apparentviolation of anti-discrimination laws. It has said it will stop that practice.Facebook managers are constantly changing and refining the algorithms, whichmeans the system is malleable and subject to human judgment. This summer,Facebook decided to show more posts from friends and family members in users'news feeds and reduce stories from news organizations, because that's what itsaid users wanted. If it can do that, surely its programmers can train thesoftware to spot bogus stories and outwit the people producing this garbage.Blocking misinformation will help protect the company's brand and credibility.Some platforms have suffered when they have failed to address users' concerns.Twitter users, for instance, have backed away from that platform because ofabusive trolling, threatening posts and hate speech, which the company hasn'tbeen able to control.Mr. Zuckerberg himself has spoken at length about how social media can helpimprove society. In a 2012 letter to investors, he said it could ''bring a morehonest and transparent dialogue around government that could lead to more directempowerment of people, more accountability for officials and better solutions tosome of the biggest problems of our time.''None of that will happen if he continues to let liars and con artists hijack hisplatform.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTopinion),and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/20/opinion/sunday/facebook-and-the-digital-virus-called-fake-news.html