The maker of a popular hummus is voluntarily recalling some of its products overlisteria concerns.Sabra Dipping Co. is recalling certain hummus items made before Nov. 8,according to its website.Listeria was identified at its manufacturing facility but not in tested finishedproduct, the company said. Listeria can cause serious and sometimes fatalinfections in young children, frail or elderly people, and others with weakenedimmune systems.Consumers with any product with a "Best Before" date up through Jan. 23, 2017,are urged to discard it, Sabra said. For more information, call Sabra at866-265-6761 or go to http://www.sabrahummusrecall.com/. A full list of recalleditems is on the company'swebsiteorontheFDA's website, www.fda.gov.GERMANYMerkel will seek 4th term as chancellorAngela Merkel, who has steered Germany through several global crises as itsfirst female leader, said Sunday she will seek a fourth term as chancellor inelections next year, when she could find herself up against the anti-immigrantpopulist tide that has swept both Europe and the U.S. "I literally thought aboutthis decision endlessly ... but I am ready to run for office again," Merkel toldreporters after meeting with high-ranking members of her center-right party. "Iwant to serve Germany." Repeatedly named "The World's Most Powerful Woman" byForbes magazine, the 62-year-old Merkel has been cast by some as the lastpowerful defender of liberal values in the West following Donald Trump'selection as the next U.S. president.ISRAELNetanyahu under renewed scrutinyDogged for decades by scandals ranging from how family trips were funded toenormous ice cream bills, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel is againunder scrutiny, this time over a billion-dollar deal with Germany for theacquisition of three new submarines. Political opponents are calling for aninquiry into what they view as the murky circumstances surrounding the frameworkagreement reached with Germany over the last year, apparently at Netanyahu'surging, to buy the vessels. Netanyahu, one of Israel's longest serving primeministers who is serving a fourth term in office, faces allegations of apossible conflict of interest within his inner circle in making the deal. Theissue came to light when Israel's Channel 10 News reported last week thatNetanyahu's personal lawyer also represents the Israeli agent of the Germanshipyard that builds the submarines, ThyssenKrupp Marine Systems. Both Netanyahuand the lawyer, David Shimron, have denied any impropriety.PERUSummit closes with call for free tradeLeaders of 21 Asia-Pacific nations ended their annual summit Sunday with a callto resist protectionism amid signs of increased free-trade skepticism,highlighted by the victory of Donald Trump in the U.S. presidential election.The Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation forum closed with a joint pledge to worktoward a sweeping new free trade agreement that would include all 21 members asa path "sustainable, balanced and inclusive growth."