Former House speaker Newt Gingrich calls Donald Trump a potentiallytransformative president. But he shouldn't have sent out that tweet allegingelection fraud.In an interview Tuesday with Capital Download, Gingrich, a free-wheeling Trumpadviser who is a vice chairman of his transition team, described thepresident-elect as a leader who is poised to disrupt the regular order in a wayno commander in chief has done since Andrew Jackson in the 19th century.But he also said Trump's biggest misstep in the three weeks since he won theWhite House was to post Sunday on Twitter a complaint about widespread voterfraud -- in an election he won. "In addition to winning the Electoral College ina landslide," Trump wrote, "I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions ofpeople who voted illegally.""The president of the United States can't randomly tweet without having somebodycheck it out," Gingrich told USA TODAY's weekly video newsmaker series. "Itmakes you wonder about whatever else he's doing. It undermines much more than asingle tweet."Does he see any evidence of millions of illegal votes?"No," Gingrich says.The former House speaker, who led a political disruption of his own whenRepublicans won control of the House of Representatives in 1994, says the bestthing Trump has done so far is to name campaign chairman Steve Bannon andRepublican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus to his top White Housestaff. "You have a very hard-line conservative warrior as your chief strategist,and you have a really sophisticated manager of the establishment as your chiefof staff," he says.That said, Gingrich is caustic toward another potential Trump appointment, ofMitt Romney, the GOP's 2012 presidential nominee. Trump and Romney were slatedto meet Tuesday for a second time, reportedly to discuss the role of secretaryof State for the GOP's 2012 nominee, who was perhaps Trump's fiercest Republicancritic during the campaign."I think it's outrageous," Gingrich says. "Romney said vile and vicious things.Romney opposed him all the way up to the election. In my judgment, Romney willbe a very high risk ... because I think Romney has zero interest in the Trumprevolution and every interest in re-establishing his own credentials."Although he views former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani as a better choice,Gingrich says House Speaker Paul Ryan "is very strongly in favor of Romney" andthat Priebus is "pretty strongly" in favor of him. Trump campaign managerKellyanne Conway, however, has warned of a grass-roots revolt if Romney is namedto the Cabinet's top job.When he met with Trump last week, Gingrich says, the president-elect "commented,'This is really a bigger job than I thought.' Which is good. He should thinkthat." As president, Gingrich went on, "you have war and peace, you haveenormous powers ... and it all comes down to the Oval Office and it all comesdown to you."He argues that Trump, who hasn't held a news conference since July, should feelno obligation to hold any as president, suggesting instead he solicit questionsfrom the public to answer. "The news media so totally disgraced itself in thiselection, if I were Trump I would just say no," Gingrich says. "And if the WhiteHouse Correspondents Association doesn't like it, I'd say, 'Fine, disband.'"Gingrich says the political world hasn't yet come to grips with the sort offundamental change the election of "the most insurgent president in Americanhistory" could bring. He describes Trump as "one-third Andrew Jackson indisruption, one-third Theodore Roosevelt in sheer energy, and one-third P.T.Barnum in selling all the time."But he says Trump might need to occasionally curb his instincts."He should tweet, but he ought to have an editorial board in between the firstdraft and sending it," he suggests -- not an idea Trump seems likely to accept."But he shouldn't give it up, and he shouldn't give up being Donald Trump. Hegot elected being this unique, charismatic, entrepreneurial guy who breaks lotsof rules. ... If he starts getting to be normal, he'll cease being Donald J.Trump."