Poet and musician Leonard Cohen passed away Nov. 7. Inarguably one of the mostinfluential voices in popular culture, with a career that spanned nearly sixdecades, he captured very large concepts and constructs with a powerful economyof language. Watching the presidential election the following day, I couldn'thelp but recall some of his more pointed lyrics - especially as applies tohealth care reform, version 2.0.In a volume of selected poems he wrote, "Ring the bells that still can ring.Forget your perfect offering. There is a crack in everything. That's how thelight gets in." Until the election, the health care "crack" wasn't large enoughto accommodate any efforts at reforming the ACA. Post-election, it is fair tosay that the crack is now a chasm. Still, the question remains: What light - andhow much of it - will actually get in?Related: Disconnected connectorsPresident-elect Trump has put forward a seven-point plan as his administration'sstarting point. Paul Ryan and the U.S. House of Representatives' Republicanshave "A Better Way" (that is the actual name of their plan). Both begin withrepealing the existing law. Politico reports that, "... leading advocacy groups[are] ready to wage 'total war' to defend President Barack Obama's universalhealth care program and his domestic legacy."So, what does this all mean? Just days after the election, the president-electopined that keeping the provisions prohibiting exclusions for preexistingconditions and for allowing those up to age 26 to remain on their parent's plansshould remain in place. As Mr. Cohen noted, "Even damnation is poisoned withrainbows." Rather than accept that some existing ACA provisions might make itinto a new design, the punditocracy pounced, pointing to a broken campaignpromise to repeal and replace.At this early stage of the discussion, if we strip away the partisan trappings,what is actually being proposed? Mr. Trump suggests that we must eliminate theindividual mandate, modify existing laws to permit sales across state lines,allow individuals to fully deduct health insurance premiums, allow for wideradoption of HSAs, require price transparency from all health care providers andfacilities, turn Medicaid into a block grant for the states and remove barriersto entry into free markets for drug providers.Mr. Ryan and the House Republican's plan calls for more choices, lower costs andgreater flexibility while protecting patients with preexisting conditions. "ABetter Way" also calls for rejecting the PPACA's approach of forcing people intoMedicaid, which it calls, "... a broken insurance program that has historicallyfailed lower-income families." They want to streamline the process for gettingnew procedures and drugs into the mainstream faster than the 14-year time periodit currently takes. They also dance around the unsustainability of Medicare withsome broadly-worded statements unencumbered by a great deal of specificity,calling for protecting the program for today's seniors and strengthening it forfuture generations. One presumes that some portion of the privatization argumentwill appear as details emerge - a suggestion that lights up most democratsbrighter than the White House Christmas tree.Ron Pollack, executive director of Families USA, a staunch proponent of the ACAsays, "We've got the battle of our lifetime ahead of us." Sen. Schumer andDemocrats in the senate say that they will, "... fight tooth and nail againstany attempt to repeal it.' Others see the battle as a way to preserve thepresident's legacy, but looking pragmatically at the reality that is today's ACAwith its attendant failed and distressed components, it is difficult to findmuch to love.Yes, the overall rate of uninsured Americans has decreased, and that is a goodthing. But a quarter of the reported 20 million with new insurance were alreadyeligible for Medicaid and we have spent $45 billion to get there. Costs arethrough the roof and personal responsibility amounts are breathtaking.If we are fortunate, those in D.C. will ring the bells that still can ring sothat some light can, at last, get in.Related:Friends without benefitsWhen the preferable is not availableAre you following us on Facebook