WASHINGTON - Wilbur Ross, the billionaire investor considered the "king ofbankruptcy" for buying beaten-down companies with the potential to deliverprofits, is President-elect Donald Trump's choice for commerce secretary, asenior transition official said.The official isn't authorized to publicly discuss the matter and requestedanonymity.Reputed by Forbes to be worth nearly $3 billion, Ross would represent theinterests of U.S. businesses domestically and abroad as the head at Commerce.His department would be among those tasked with carrying out the Trumpadministration's stated goal of protecting U.S. workers and challenging decadesof globalization that largely benefited multinational corporations.A specialist in corporate turnarounds, Ross buys distressed or bankruptcompanies at steep discounts, then seeks to shave costs and generate profits.Some of those cost reductions have come from altering pay and benefits forworkers.With a Florida home down the road from Trump's Mar-a-Lago retreat, Ross, 78,played a role in crafting and selling the president-elect's tax-cut andinfrastructure plans. Ross has suggested that much of America is disgruntledbecause the economy has left middle-class workers behind and says Trumprepresents a shift to a "less politically correct direction.""Part of the reason why I'm supporting Trump is that I think we need a moreradical, new approach to government - at least in the U.S. - from what we've hadbefore," Ross told CNBC in June, referring to Trump's blunt tone and sweepingpromises to reinvigorate economic growth.Despite his embrace of populist rhetoric, Ross has enjoyed a patricianlifestyle. He frequently commutes between his offices in New York and home inPalm Beach, Fla., according to Haute Living magazine. He maintains an artcollection worth more than $100 million that includes works by the Belgiansurrealist Rene Magritte. A graduate of Yale University, he pledged $10 millionto help build its management school.For 24 years as a banker at Rothschild, Ross developed a lucrative specialty inbankruptcy and corporate restructurings. He founded his own firm, W.L. Ross, in2000 and earned part of his fortune from investing in troubled factories in theindustrial Midwest and in some instances generating profits by limiting workerbenefits. That region swung hard for Trump in the election on the promise ofmore manufacturing jobs from renegotiated trade deals and penalties forfactories that outsourced their work abroad.Since 2000, Ross' firm has invested in more than 178 companies.Ross most prominently created four companies through mergers and acquisitionsthat focused on steel, textiles, autos and coal. In some cases, Ross has soldthe companies he packaged to even larger globe-spanning companies. In 2005, hesold the International Steel Group, which included the former Bethlehem Steel,to the Indian steel magnate Lakshmi Mittal.And while his investments appear to have proved generally lucrative, they havealso at times brought troubling publicity.In early 2006, the Sago coal mine owned by Ross exploded, triggering a collapsethat killed a dozen miners. Federal safety inspectors in 2005 had cited the WestVirginia mine with 208 violations.Ross said afterward that he knew about the safety violations but that the mine'smanagement had assured him that it was a "safe situation."If confirmed by the Senate as commerce secretary, Ross would oversee nearly47,000 employees and a budget of roughly $8 billion.Among its responsibilities, the Cabinet department provides data on the economythrough the Census Bureau and monitors the environment through the NationalOceanic and Atmospheric Administration.One former commerce secretary, Donald Evans, noted that a prime responsibilityWAs opening up markets around the world for U.S. companies and workers."What you are is ambassador to the world from America," said Evans, who servedunder President George W. Bush. "It's critically important when you go to othercountries that, first and foremost, you care about them, the citizens of theircountry."That advice clashes somewhat with the promises made by Trump, who campaigned onthe doctrine of putting "America first." The president-elect told voters thatMexico, China and other countries had played U.S. trade negotiators for fools."Under a Trump administration, no American citizen will ever again feel thattheir needs come second to the citizens of foreign countries," Trump said inApril.Prayer for unityHis Cabinet beginning to take shape, Trump is offering a Thanksgiving prayer forunity after "a long and bruising" campaign season."Emotions are raw and tensions just don't heal overnight," the incomingpresident said in a video message released on the eve of the national holiday.He continued, "It's my prayer that on this Thanksgiving we begin to heal ourdivisions and move forward as one country strengthened by shared purpose andvery, very common resolve."