Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin would take the helm of an agency marked byscandal and crisis.WASHINGTON - Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin with a post on her public Facebookaccount appeared Wednesday to confirm a report that she's under consideration byPresident-elect Donald Trump to become secretary of the Department of VeteransAffairs.The post included a highly stylized video produced by SARAHPAC, her politicalaction committee, about the former vice presidential candidate's ideas on how tofix the troubled agency, and a link to the ABC news report that first broke thenews of her vetting by the Trump transition team. ABC said that both a Palinaide and the Trump transition team confirmed she's under consideration to runthe VA."We should be grateful we'll soon have a commander-in-chief who will championour vets and honor the promises our nation made; a pro-private sector individualwho surely understands bigger government is NOT the answer; a President whopromised to drain the swamp and clean up all government corruption ... allthings our vets and active duty troops deserve," Palin wrote.Palin, who unsuccessfully ran on a ticket with Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., in2008, would take the helm of an agency marked by scandal and crisis. The VA alsostands at a policy crossroads, with many lawmakers in favor of allowing veteransto more widely use private doctors and hospitals, a plan vehemently opposed bymany Democrats and some veterans groups. In 2014, lawmakers scrambled to expandaccess to VA health care when it was discovered that some veterans seeking carewere waiting so long that they died before seeing a doctor.Palin's video lays out three major proposals for federal veterans' care:? A l l ow v e t e r a n s t o receive care in the private market throughvouchers? Allow veterans re-entering the civilian workforce to use militarycertifications in place of civilian ones for job skills? Maintain veterans' retirement benefitsThose changes won't come without a price. For example, lawmakers are currentlygrappling with how to extend a $10 billion private care program that expires inAugust 2017 or whenever the money allocated to it runs out. The program, whiledesigned to provide a new route of access for patients facing distance issues orlong wait times, is mostly serving veterans who couldn't get the care theywanted at a VA facility. That has triggered questions about whether the programis being administered in the way it was intended.House authorizers have a slew of concerns about the way the VA is spending moneyon a construction project in Denver and reports of lavish art purchases atmedical facilities - issues which were the subject of a federal subpoena issuedby House lawmakers in September.