WASHINGTON -- Jared Kushner, the son-in-law of President-elect Donald J. Trump,has spoken to a lawyer about the possibility of joining the new administration,a move that could violate federal anti-nepotism law and risk legal challengesand political backlash.Mr. Kushner, 35, the husband of Mr. Trump's eldest daughter, Ivanka, and aninfluential adviser to his father-in-law during the presidential campaign, hadbeen planning to return to his private businesses after Election Day. But on themorning after Mr. Trump won, Mr. Kushner began discussing taking a role in theWhite House, according to two people briefed on the conversations who requestedanonymity to describe Mr. Kushner's thinking.Mr. Trump is urging his son-in-law to join him in the White House, according toone of the people briefed. The president-elect's sentiment is shared by StephenK. Bannon, the chief strategist for the White House, and Reince Priebus, who wasnamed chief of staff. Mr. Kushner accompanied Mr. Trump to the White House onThursday, when the president-elect held his first in-person meeting withPresident Obama.Mr. Kushner may be as influential, if not as well known, in Manhattan as hisfather-in-law. Mr. Kushner is a real estate mogul in his own right who, like Mr.Trump, runs a company founded by his father. His influence extends to the newsmedia: He owns The New York Observer. And his family's wealth rivals that of theTrump clan, which he joined in 2009 when he married Ivanka.Mr. Kushner has already figured prominently in the tumultuous start to thetransition. He was involved in the effort to oust Gov. Chris Christie of NewJersey, who as a federal prosecutor jailed Mr. Kushner's father, Charles B.Kushner, more than a decade ago. Trump officials have systematically fired thoseMr. Christie had selected for the effort. Transition officials have rejectedclaims that Mr. Kushner was involved in a payback effort and pointed to Mr.Christie's troubles after two aides were convicted in the George WashingtonBridge traffic scandal in New Jersey. They also suggested that the preliminarytransition work had been subpar.Mr. Trump's desire to add Mr. Kushner to his administration gives weight tospeculation that he intends to run the White House the way he runs hisbusinesses, relying heavily on his children and delegating essential duties tothem.And it adds another element of unpredictability to an unconventional handover ofpower, although there were signs on Thursday that Mr. Trump's transitionoperation was edging toward normalcy after its chaotic first week.Mr. Trump sat down with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan, his first in-personsession with a world leader since winning the White House. A clearer picturealso emerged of the figures who have Mr. Trump's ear. Among them is Lt. Gen.Michael T. Flynn, a retired intelligence officer who a top transition teamofficial said was Mr. Trump's choice for national security adviser, and SenatorJeff Sessions, the Alabama Republican who is under consideration to be attorneygeneral or secretary of state.On Capitol Hill, Vice President-elect Mike Pence told House Republicans to''buckle up'' in anticipation of a packed legislative session.Mr. Trump's aides held their first scheduled daily conference call withreporters while transition officials whose work had been stalled by shake-ups inTrump Tower began work with their Obama administration counterparts on ahandover.But the prospect that Mr. Kushner might end up in the West Wing remained aconcern to some people close to the president-elect, who said he would instantlybecome a target for media and legal attacks if he took the unorthodox step.Mr. Kushner has consulted with at least one lawyer and believes that by forgoinga salary and putting his investment fund, his real estate holdings and The NewYork Observer into a blind trust, he would not be bound by federal nepotismrules, according to one of the people briefed.Ethics lawyers in both parties said that such an arrangement would violate afederal statute designed to prevent family ties from influencing the functioningof the United States government. Under a 1967 law enacted after John F. Kennedyinstalled his brother, Robert F. Kennedy, as attorney general, no publicofficial can hire a family member -- including one related by marriage -- to anagency or office over which he has authority. A separate statute also makes it acrime, punishable by a fine and up to two years of prison time, for governmentemployees to accept voluntary services that are not authorized by law, except inemergency situations.The anti-nepotism law ''would seem to block out Kushner flatly,'' said Norman L.Eisen, who served as Mr. Obama's ethics counsel during his transition and at theWhite House. If Mr. Trump were to try to skirt it by having Mr. Kushner advisehim in a volunteer capacity, he added, he ''would be treading upon very seriousstatutory and constitutional grounds.''''When push comes to shove, on the very hardest calls that confront a president,you want the president's adviser to remember that their oath or affirmation tothe Constitution comes first, before family ties,'' Mr. Eisen said. ''You needto be able to say no. You need to be able to hold the line. You need to be ableto threaten to resign, and you need to be able to actually resign. You can'tresign from being somebody's son-in-law.''Richard W. Painter, an ethics counsel to George W. Bush, said he rememberedhaving to inform a senior official serving Mr. Bush that he was legally barredfrom granting a White House internship to his son. Mr. Painter based hisdecision on a reading of the anti-nepotism law by the Justice Department'sOffice of Legal Counsel during Jimmy Carter's administration, which barred thepresident from doing so for his own child.''I told him: 'Jimmy Carter couldn't do it. If the president of the UnitedStates couldn't do it, I can't do it for your kid,''' Mr. Painter recalled. ''Igot cussed out.''Mr. Trump could try to circumvent the law, the lawyers said, by arguing that hehas broad executive authority as president to choose his advisers. But that movewould probably invite a legal challenge, forcing a court to decide whether thepresident's executive authority to choose his advisers takes precedent over alaw passed by Congress that bans nepotism in the government.Mr. Trump could also try to invoke the example of Hillary Clinton. A 1993decision by the United States Court of Appeals for the District of ColumbiaCircuit held that Mrs. Clinton, whom President Bill Clinton had appointed tolead his health care task force, was acting as a full-time government employeeand therefore the panel could shield its meetings and records from the public.The decision hinted that the anti-nepotism statute might not have been meant toapply to the White House or to unpaid positions.But the ruling also said the first lady had a unique and widely recognized rolein helping the president to carry out his duties -- she had an office in theWhite House and a staff -- a distinction that would not apply to Mr. Kushner.The Clintons paid a steep political price for insisting that Mrs. Clinton had aright to serve on the task force, ultimately losing both the Senate and theHouse in 1994 as Republicans assailed what they portrayed as a White House runamok.''You can try to wiggle your way around the law, but you've got to realize thepolitical reality that this is prohibited under the statute,'' Mr. Painter said.''It's a power grab. It's an overreach.''The question of Mr. Kushner's role also highlights a broader challenge facingMr. Trump and his children as he assumes the presidency: how to separate hisrole as leader of the country from his vast real estate and business empire andavoid conflicts of interest.Even if Mr. Kushner placed his own holdings in a blind trust, his marriage toMs. Trump poses an inherent conflict, according to ethics experts, because hewould have access through his wife to information about Mr. Trump's businessesthat the president-elect should be barred from knowing.Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and in theMorning Briefing newsletter.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/18/us/politics/donald-trump-administration.html