HIGHLIGHT: "Of all the content on Facebook, more than 99% of what people see isauthentic," wrote Facebook creator Mark Zuckerberg last week. Facebook CEO MarkZuckerberg says it is "extremely unlikely hoaxes changed the outcome of thiselection in one direction or the other."LLUIS GENE/AFP/Getty Images JOSHEDELSON/AFP/Getty ImagesWe are living on the edge of - if not already in - an information crisis. And itseems as if we are too addled by all the fake news, misinformation,disinformation, bad reporting and flat-out propaganda at places like Facebook,Twitter, Reddit and Google to even know how far gone we are.Fake news, which gained serious traction during the presidential campaign, isonly part of the problem. But it's a big part, and the confusion it can spreadwas on sorry display in recent months - particularly on social media where morethan 62 percent of Americans now go for news and information, according to thePew Research Center.Did you know that President-elect Donald Trump not only won the most electoralvotes, he also beat Hillary Clinton in the popular vote?How about Vice President-elect Mike Pence saying in an interview with Fox Newsthat gay conversion therapy saved his marriage?And what about Pope Francis endorsing Trump? Who would have thought?And why in the world would a New York Times columnist like David Brooks becalling for Trump's assassination?Just to be clear: None of those stories is true. But they all found their wayonto social media where millions not only were exposed to them, but alsoparticipated in their toxic spread by clicking and sending them on in thisfabulous new form of communication that was supposed to make us into one great,enlightened, global community.A BuzzFeed analysis published Wednesday found that fake news was more popularthan real news on Facebook down the homestretch of the election. During the lastthree months of the campaign, the most popular fake election stories on Facebookgenerated more engagement than the top stories from such legitimate newswebsites as those of The New York Times, The Washington Post, NBC News andothers.There was also a bias in the range of stories, according to the analysis."Of the 20 top-performing false election stories ... all but three were overtlypro-Donald Trump or anti-Hillary Clinton," Craig Silverman, founding editor ofBuzzFeed Canada, wrote. "Two of the biggest false hits were a story claimingClinton sold weapons to ISIS and a hoax claiming the pope endorsed Trump."Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg initially called the charge that fake news on hisplatform affected the election "a pretty crazy idea."And even in the face of mounting criticism and reports of a group of Facebookemployees questioning the role fake news on the site played in the election, hehas mainly stuck to his guns."Of all the content on Facebook, more than 99% of what people see is authentic,"he wrote on his page last weekend. "Only a very small amount is fake news andhoaxes. The hoaxes that do exist are not limited to one partisan view, or evento politics. Overall, this makes it extremely unlikely hoaxes changed theoutcome of this election in one direction or the other."On Monday, Facebook did update the language of its policy statement to stressthat it will not share revenue with sites that traffic in fake news, but that'snot much more than window dressing at this point. The site already had a similarpolicy in place.Antonio Garcia Martinez, a former product manager for ad targeting at Facebook,called Zuckerberg's response hypocritical."Here's the real hypocrisy of it," he told show host Chris Hayes on MSNBCTuesday night. "Facebook has hundreds of sales people with a huge office inWashington, D.C. And they literally go and tell political advertisers, 'Look,Facebook is the most influential platform in the world. We will win you anelection." And then, Zuck turns around and says, 'No, there's no possibly waythat Facebook can influence the election.' It's really disingenuous of him tosort of claim this and I think on the face of it, really false."Zuckerberg has consistently shown a lack of interest in the crucial publicservice role media play in a democracy. And now he is running a media platformthat more people engage with for political news than they do The New York Timesor NBC.That is a chilling thought. It should also be a wake-up call that we reached atipping point during this election in the declining influence of legacy eragatekeepers vs. the ever-expanding power of click-driving, social-mediaentrepreneurs like Zuckerberg.Nor is the problem limited to Facebook.Last Sunday, Dan Abrams reported on Mediaite that when he Google-searched "FinalVote Count 2016," the top result was a link to a website titled 70news. Thestory there said that Trump not only won the electoral college vote, he alsobeat Clinton in the popular vote."The goal of search is to provide the most relevant and useful results for ourusers," Andrea Faville, a spokeswoman for Google, said in a statement Monday."In this case, we clearly didn't get it right, but we are always working toimprove our algorithms."There it is: The almighty algorithm, the secret sauce that can't possibly beshared, once again being used to silence critics."For years, companies like Google and Facebook have hidden behind the argumentof, 'We just use math. We don't have the position of the editorship function. Wedon't decide what we show you. It's just math. We optimize for engagement. Weshow you stuff that we know you're going to comment and like on, and that'sit,'" Martinez said. "And I think when the stakes become American democracy,that excuse just isn't good enough."For all the sins of the culture that controlled legacy media before the Internetblew it up, gatekeepers in that world were acculturated to a sense of socialresponsibility, verification of information and fairness of presentation. Thosevalues have been largely lost even by some of the biggest legacy operations aswe moved deeper into the digital frontier.Why don't media critics and Facebook users demand the same standards of accuracythey do for The New York Times or Washington Post - especially now that we knowhow crucial a role social media play in the conversation of democracy?And why doesn't an entrepreneur like Zuckerberg take some of the money hiswildly successful platform makes and hire journalists who embody the higheststandards of the profession to be part of the management team making editorialdecisions?As dangerous as it is to get the government involved in such media matters, afew high-level hearings on the role Facebook and other sites played in thisyear's election wouldn't hurt - especially with some angry Democrats askingquestions.As often as I've complained about President Barack Obama playing media critic, Iwas happy to hear him slam fake news and social media during a press conferenceThursday in Berlin.The good news: Fake news and the role it plays in the nation's political lifewill be getting more serious scrutiny in coming months."I don't want to say it came out of nowhere, but the fake news meme orphenomenon was not an issue we were thinking of so prominently even a few monthsago," Aaron Smith, associate director of research for the Pew Research Center,said. "It's now on the radar. ... And it's not just us. There are a lot ofresearchers out there who are going to be trying to figure out how to map andevaluate the impact of this kind of information."The bad news: Our media malaise runs much deeper than Facebook or even fakenews. Our information ecosystem is very sick. We have more information and mediatechnology than ever. Yet we have never been more confused politically as anation. And we now have a president-elect with 25 million social media followerswho often retweets and posts without any nod toward verification."I'm an old-school journalist trained by the last of the old guard," said BrookeBinkowski, managing editor of the booming website Snopes.com, which exposes fakenews stories. "And one of the concerns I have is that people are going to say,'Oh, it's all Facebook's fault. Once we get Facebook to clamp down on fake news,everything's going to be good.' "But there's a much larger issue that's not being addressed, Binkowski said. Fakenews wouldn't be thriving if citizens had sources of information they couldtrust."The larger issue is that the public has lost faith in the press," she said."And there are some good reasons for that with all that's happened to newsroomsin the wake of layoffs, downsizing and all the rest. A free press with theresources it needs is essential to a healthy democracy. You have to havereliable information. If voters don't have good information, you don't have agood democracy."david.zurawik@baltsun.comtwitter.com/davidzurawik