Thanksgiving this year arrives at the end of a rancorous and divisive election.Liberals are pulling their hair out with each new addition to President-electDonald Trump's team. And his supporters are gleeful that he's living up to hispromise to rattle the establishment.Now, just over two weeks after the presidential election, where 48 percent ofMaine voters chose Hillary Clinton, versus the 45 percent who opted for Trump,we are expected to get along and give thanks.If gathering at the home of a cousin who supported the president elect, whom youdespised, or joining a pro-Clinton clan grappling with the implications, how doyou keep things from coming to blows?"The overarching guideline is you are not supposed to get into a contentiousdebate at a holiday meal," said Jodi R.R. Smith of Mannersmith EtiquetteConsulting, who travels the country helping professionals improve their conductand communication skills."Nowadays we are geographically so diverse we don't get to see our families asmuch as we'd like to," she said. "For you as a guest to bring animosity andrancor to the table is bad form."In advance, Smith suggests the holiday host should set clear rules. The message:Today is politics free."The host can say, 'We are leaving politics aside this year, so think of otherthings to talk about,'" she suggested. Both the host and guest need to takecharge and understand their roles. "You are there to catch up, find out what'snew and connect with people. You are not allowed to get a into a debate whileeating," Smith said.In other words, rage has no place at the table. Think of Thanksgiving as a breakfrom CNN headlines, polls, mean tweets and memes."The pre-election lasted 2Â 1/2 years. It was a down and dirty elections cycle,so contentious and so emotional," Smith said. "Coming right before Thanksgivingin a short November, everything is compressed.  It's too fresh. We need to letthings settle."Whether you voted Democrat or Republican, male or female, conservative orliberal, there are ways to prevent this day of food, rest, pigskin and thanksfrom becoming a political football.Carrie Riley, a public relations director in Portland, grew up in a family witha strict "no politics, no religion at the table" rule. "You can talk in cornerswhile mingling over cocktails," Riley said. "But if you bring politics up over ameal, "you will get a dirty look and be asked to leave the table."Though opinions and religious beliefs are honored at her family gatherings,"this year will be a good test," said Riley, who travels to New Jersey to bewith relatives she hasn't seen in a while. Like most of us who have blockedopposing views on our Facebook feeds and haven't reached out to siblings whobacked the other candidate, she is unsure what political environment she will bewalking into."My father and aunt are of that old school, where you don't tell people who youvoted for," Riley, who voted for Clinton, said. "I have my suspicions."But the 41-year-old is not about to push their buttons -- at least not whilepassing the parsnips."I'm not going to a rally. I've chosen to be with family this year, and I'm notgoing to change opinions," Riley, who lives in Falmouth, said. "I don't thinkThanksgiving and the holidays is the time."For undergrads leaving the protective bubble of a college campus, emotionalintelligence applies when it comes to dealing with more conservative or liberalfriends and relatives."Use your judgement. Sometimes it's wise to lean in, sometimes it's best to leanback and keep quiet," said Jeffrey Selinger, an associate professor ofgovernment at Bowdoin College, adding that many students there are distressedabout the election. "Read the situation. There are different kinds of parentsout there, some may be hostile and have a temperamental outlook," he said.The main thing, to avoid conflict that could ruin more than digestion, is to beaware and be prepared for battle."Are you walking into a house where people are with me or have a differentworldview?" Smith asked. "I am looking to steel myself to be polite even ifprovoked, before I get there."That means, brush up on your small talk so you "don't default into politics whenit's still too raw," she said. "Arrive with nonpolitical topics of discussion,"Smith said. "The only way we can come together is through some neutralconversation, but at someone else's Thanksgiving table is not the time or theplace for strife."Â