In 1921, Emily Post wrote her first book, "Etiquette in Society, in Business, inPolitics and at Home," later referred to simply as "Etiquette."Between 1922 and 1942, 650,000 copies of "Etiquette" were sold in America. Manythink of this book as "the manners book," but the book addresses far more thanchoosing the appropriate attire or which fork to use first at a formal dinner.Post wrote about the importance of a society that embraces proper etiquette. Toher, etiquette was much more than a set of manners but rather the concept ofindividuals embracing gracious behavior toward others based on the fundamentalpillars of respect, consideration and honesty.Call me old-fashioned, but I long to go back to a day when hundreds of thousandsof Americans were buying books about etiquette.While we have freshly witnessed wins and losses up and down the ballot inpolitical races across our country, a great loss for Americans occurred longbefore a single ballot was ever cast: Americans have lost grace. And, sadly, theart of gracious living is quickly becoming a dying art in America.We have forgotten how to care for our fellow citizens with consideration,respect and honesty, and we have neglected to require that these same principlesbe practiced by our political leaders. There was a time when a demonstrated lackof gracious behavior or evidence of blatant dishonesty by a presidentialcandidate would have been catastrophic to a bid for the White House.This political cycle left many of us feeling hopeless, without a voice andwithout a candidate who represented the values we hold dear. But the candidatesthemselves are not fully to blame. When we neglect to stand for the pillars ofetiquette in society or, even worse, when we fail to notice their absence withinourselves, we are rewarded with candidates who truly do represent who we'vebecome as a nation.Abandoning gracious behavior toward those who don't adhere to our own set ofvalues is a great loss for us all. While our voices may or may not have beenheard via the victory of our choice of candidate, we each have a voice that isheard loudly every day by someone - a spouse, a child, a parent, a student, aco-worker, a peer, a neighbor, a person sitting near us in a coffee shop, afellow commuter.We all have a circle of impact, people toward whom we can demonstrate graciousbehavior, regardless of whether their political or moral persuasions are thesame as our own, and regardless of whether they choose to return the courtesy.Emily Post's book may be nearly a hundred years old, but her pillars ofetiquette are timeless and cross-cultural.The behaviors of a society at large are a reflection of the behaviors beingmodeled and practiced in its homes. So as we sit across the table from familyand friends this holiday weekend, let us put aside the emotions of politicaldiscord. Instead, let's get started on the good work of redeeming the lost artof gracious living, which would be a win for all.