WASHINGTON - President-elect Donald Trump is enlisting a trio of nominees withdeep ties to Washington and Wall Street to fill out his Cabinet, includingformer Goldman Sachs executive Steven Mnuchin as secretary of the TreasuryDepartment.On Tuesday, Trump also chose Georgia Rep. Tom Price to oversee the nation'shealth care system, picking a fierce "Obamacare" critic who has championedefforts to privatize Medicare. And he selected another veteran Republican,Elaine Chao,  to lead the Department of Transportation.Mnuchin's official announcement was expected as early as Wednesday, according toa person familiar with the decision.Mnuchin, 53, led Trump's finance operations during the presidential campaign andbecame close with the president-elect. But he has no government experience,which could prove a hurdle in navigating the tricky politics of Washington.If confirmed by the Senate, Mnuchin would play a central role in shaping Trump'stax policies and infrastructure plans. He would also lead an agency tasked withimplementing international economic sanctions.Trump spent much of Tuesday in his Manhattan skyscraper, racing through meetingswith prospective administration hires as high-profile vacancies remain - nonebigger than secretary of state. He emerged in the evening for a private dinnerwith former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney, who is on the shortlist for thenation's chief diplomat.Romney spoke briefly to reporters after the meal, saying he has "increasinghope" that Trump can lead the country to a "better future."A transition official said the president-elect and Vice President-elect MikePence will travel to Indiana on Thursday for an event with Carrier, the airconditioning company. During the campaign, Trump repeatedly used the news ofCarrier's plans to move some business to Mexico as criticism of Democratic tradepolicies. Carrier tweeted, "We are pleased to have reached a deal withPresident-elect Trump & VP-elect Pence to keep close to 1,000 jobs in Indy."Price, picked to lead the Department of Health and Human Services after morethan a decade in Congress, helped craft House Speaker Paul Ryan's plan toprivatize Medicare - a position Trump opposed in the campaign.Price's selection raised questions about the incoming president's commitment toMedicare, among other popular entitlement programs he repeatedly vowed topreserve before the election. The Georgia congressman led GOP efforts on CapitolHill to transform Medicare into a voucher-like system, a change that if enacted,would likely dramatically reduce government spending on the health care programthat serves an estimated 57 million people.A sweeping Medicare initiative would have to go through Congress with someDemocratic support, which would be unlikely.