The war on normalization has begun."The media is starting to normalize Donald Trump, and it should make you veryscared," proclaims a headline at Salon. HBO's haughty in-house mocker, JohnOliver, says, "Optimism is nice if you can swing it, but you've got to becareful, because it can feed into the normalization of Donald Trump - and he'snot normal."There is scads more of this stuff, but I have two points to make, so let's keepmoving.The first point is not particularly new, but it's important to the handful of uswith the sacred right to say, "I told you so."Or put another way: Where the hell were you people before? Throughout theprimaries, Trump's conservative opponents complained bitterly that themainstream media was normalizing Trump.No one listened, for three reasons. Trump was good for ratings (and got billionsworth of free media as a result). CBS honcho Les Moonves said that Trump'ssuccess "may not be good for America, but it's damn good for CBS."Second, the mainstream media and numerous liberal pundits loved Trump's impacton the GOP for the same reason bored teenagers like to throw lit matches intodumpsters: Garbage fires are fun to watch.The third reason is closely related to the second: The media thought Trump wasmore likely to lose to Hillary Clinton. (And so did the Clinton campaign itself,as we learned from WikiLeaks).In February, Jonathan Chait, a writer for New York Magazine, wrote a piecetitled "Why liberals should support a Trump Republican nomination." He listedthree reasons: Trump would lose, Trump would wreak havoc on the GOP, and Trumpwould be better than the other Republicans candidates."If he does win," Chait wrote, "a Trump presidency would probably wind up doingless harm to the country than a Marco Rubio or a (Ted) Cruz presidency. It mighteven, possibly, do some good."The day after the election, Chait declared on Twitter "This is the worst thingthat has happened in my life."OK, then.Shortly after the election, Slate's Jamelle Bouie wrote a piece titled "There'sno such thing as a good Trump voter," likening some 60 million Americans to aracist lynch mob. Last year, Bouie penned an article with the headline "DonaldTrump is actually a moderate Republican."Of course, Chait and Bouie are not alone. Progressive figures such as PaulKrugman, Matt Yglesias, Robert Borosage, Amanda Marcotte and Bill Maher all saidduring the primaries that Trump was less scary than, say, Rubio or Cruz.Isn't it awfully late to be decrying the normalization of Trump when you were anearly adopter of normalization because you thought the horrible Democraticnominee would have an easier time beating him?That brings me to my second point: the normalization of the Clintons. Liberalsmay have thought the Trump campaign's exploitation of the women Bill Clintonallegedly (and in some cases admittedly) sexually mistreated was tawdry andbeyond the pale. Fair enough. But you know why such tactics worked? Because BillClinton was tawdry and beyond the pale - but liberals not only normalized him,they lionized him and demonized his critics.When the Clinton Foundation finally started to become an issue in the campaign,James Carville insisted that "somebody's going to hell" for daring to questionthe Olympian goodness of Clinton Inc.Liberals knew when Bill Clinton ran for president in 1992 that he was a tawdry,corner-cutting cad (and that Hillary Clinton was a conspiratorial schemer). Buthe was on their side, so it was OK. Besides, once elected, he deserved thebenefit of the doubt - even though he won a smaller share of the popular votethan Trump did - because you only have one president at a time, and in ademocracy, elections are inherently normalizing.Maybe Trump deserves similar treatment?I'm not trying to start a pointless debate about who is more abnormal (thoughI'd argue that Trump would win that contest). But it's worth pointing out thatwhen you spend a long time bending political norms for partisan reasons, thosenorms eventually break. And this is what you get.Tribune Content Agencygoldbergcolumn@gmail.com