BEDMINSTER, N.J. - Mitt Romney is a key contender to become the nation's nextsecretary of state and retired Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis was an"impressive" prospect for defense secretary, President-elect Donald Trump andMike Pence, the vice president-elect, said Sunday."Gov. Romney is under active and serious consideration to serve as secretary ofstate of the United States," said Pence, who is leading the search for Trump'sCabinet members, in an interview on CBS's "Face the Nation."On Sunday, the billionaire tweeted: "General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis, who isbeing considered for secretary of defense, was very impressive yesterday. A trueGeneral's General!"The comments were indications that Trump is looking outside his immediate circleas he works toward rounding out his foreign policy and national security teams.On Friday, he named a loyalist, ret. Gen. Michael Flynn, as his nationalsecurity adviser. Trump told reporters Sunday that one of his most loyal andpublic allies, former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, was also a prospect forsecretary of state "and other things." Giuliani at one point had been consideredfor attorney general, but Trump gave that job to Republican Sen. Jeff Sessionsof Alabama.Romney, the former Massachusetts governor and 2012 GOP presidential contender,and Trump exchanged bitter insults during the campaign, and Mattis has not beenconsidered a Trump confidant. The appointment of more establishment figurescould offer some reassurance to lawmakers and others concerned about Trump'shard-line positions on immigration and national security and his lack of foreignpolicy experience.But even as Trump and his team discussed pressing issues facing the country andhow to staff the incoming administration, the president-elect's Twitter feedsuggested other issues were also on his mind.His targets Sunday included retiring Democratic Leader Harry Reid. Trump tweetedthat incoming Senate Democratic Leader Charles Schumer, another media-savvy NewYorker, was "far smarter" than Reid and "has the ability to get things done."Meanwhile, Trump received more visitors to his golf club in New Jersey onSunday. Besides Giuliani, Trump met with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, hisformer transition chairman who was replaced by Pence after the election.Trump's transition team said GOP presidential rival Rick Perry, the former Texasgovernor, was expected to meet with Trump on Monday.The businessman and president-elect also apparently was considering prospects tolead the Commerce Department, meeting with billionaire investor Wilbur Ross.Trump also was making plans to transition his family. He said Sunday that hiswife, Melania, and their 10-year-old son, Barron, would move to Washington whenthe school year ends.Both Romney and Trump put on a show of smiles, a public handshake and athumbs-up Saturday, a shift in tone after a year in which Romney attacked Trumpas a "con man" and Trump labeled him a "loser." But the two have started to mendfences since Trump's victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton.Trump started filling key administration positions on Friday, picking Sessionsfor attorney general and Rep. Mike Pompeo, R-Kansas, to head the CIA, signalinga sharp rightward shift in U.S. security policy as he begins to form hisCabinet. Trump also named retired Lt. Gen Michael Flynn as his national securityadviser.Trump's initial decisions suggest aggressive military involvement incounterterror strategy and a greater emphasis on Islam's role in stokingextremism. Sessions is known for hard-line immigration views. Pompeo has saidMuslim leaders are "potentially complicit" in attacks if they do not denounceviolence done in the name of Islam.Pompeo's nomination to lead the CIA also opens the prospect of the U.S. resumingtorture of detainees. Trump has backed interrogation techniques that PresidentBarack Obama and Congress have banned, saying the U.S. "should go tougher thanwaterboarding."Sessions and Pompeo would both require Senate confirmation; Flynn would not.