In the run-up to the presidential election, New York City was hardly Trumpterritory.And every time Michael Ricatto put another display of Trump campaign signs up onthe lawn of his sizable white house on Abingdon Road in Kew Gardens, Queens,last summer, they were stolen or knocked down, actions that would later set offa series of events as unpredictable as the election itself.Infuriated by the thefts, as well as an obscenity about Donald J. Trump that hadbeen spray-painted on the public mailbox in front of his house, Mr. Ricattoinstalled a security camera.It captured a grainy image of a sign-stealer. Mr. Ricatto, 59 and a real estateinvestor, then printed fliers bearing the image and a $5,000 reward offer forinformation leading to the arrest of the sign thief. He hired some localteenagers to post the signs around the neighborhood with tape. When the tape ranout, he said, the teenagers used a stapler to post the fliers to trees on thestreets.The hubbub made the news, and the stapling method was mentioned. In the weeksthat followed, a team of enforcement officers from the parks department arrivedat Mr. Ricatto's house, he said, and issued him 22 summonses with fines totaling$1,500 and citing unauthorized posting and ''minor tree damage'' to 11 trees.To Mr. Ricatto, his real transgression was supporting Mr. Trump, a Republican,which he claims annoyed Democratic city officials.''Let's call it staple-gate,'' said Mr. Ricatto, who calls himself aconservative, a proud gun owner and a fan of Ronald Reagan and John Wayne.A supporter of Mr. Trump's Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton, would neverhave been cited in this situation, he fumed, and said that official parksdepartment signs are often affixed to trees with similar staples.''People in New York City don't like conservatives,'' he said. ''They wanted toteach me a lesson about being outspoken, and about who I believe in. So theyfound something to hang their hat on.''Mr. Ricatto said he paid the summonses because ''I didn't want the headache'' offighting them, nor the expense of hiring a lawyer.Instead of backing down, he splurged on a larger Trump banner to hang in frontof his house, and he called the prominent civil rights lawyer Ron Kuby to see ifhe had any grounds to sue the city for damages claiming political bias.In an interview, Mr. Kuby said that he thought the summons was ''a wildoverreaction'' by the city, but that a suit by Mr. Ricatto claiming ''selectiveenforcement based on his Trump leanings would be difficult case to make.''A parks department spokesman dismissed the claim that the summonses werepolitical and called them a routine penalty for damage to the trees.''The fine had nothing to do with the content of the signs Mr. Ricatto postedand everything to do with the fact that staples can damage and even killtrees,'' the spokesman, Sam Biederman, said in a statement. He added that thefine was determined by the city's administrative court and ''not based on theamount of damage or the cost associated, but rather on the rule broken.''The order to cite Mr. Ricatto set off something of a parallel episode within theparks department.An enforcement supervisor ordered a sergeant to write the 22 tickets. But thesergeant, Joe Oro, 54, refused, arguing that it was improper to write summonsesweeks after the signs had been removed, with no witnesses to the violations.''They were bogus summonses,'' said Sergeant Oro, a veteran with 29 years on thejob. ''I might as well hit every dog owner who puts up a 'lost puppy' sign.''He said he also consulted a superior officer, ''and he told me, 'Stay out of it-- it's too political.'''A rookie officer wound up writing the summons, said Sergeant Oro, who has hadprevious run-ins with the agency as an outspoken member of his union, Local 983of DC 37.The local's president, Joe Puleo, characterized department officials as usingthe officers as ''pawns for their political favoritism'' in this case.Sergeant Oro said he was included in an email conversation about possiblyforcing Mr. Ricatto to pay $41,000 in damage for the staple holes, a propositionthat an agency lawyer replied to incredulously, in the email chain.As for Mr. Ricatto, President-elect Trump's victory is a bit of revenge. Lastweek, he bought and hung a new, larger banner.''I Told You So,'' the banner reads. ''Trump Trump Trump Trump.''URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/24/nyregion/how-trump-signs-led-to-a-tangle-over-city-trees.html