"We've survived worse things in the past, and we'll survive this too."That's the way William R. Berkley, founder and executive chairman of Greenwich,Conn.-based insurer W.R. Berkley Corp., opened his keynote speech Thursday atthe 118th annual meeting of the American Institute of Marine Underwriters. "Butit's still an exciting time to be in the insurance business."Reviewing the global economy, Berkley noted that the U.S. election and Brexitare just the beginning of a global trend with the rest of Europe not too farbehind. "The population is unhappy with the status quo and the social system,"he added, also pointing out Nigeria's proposal to make owning U.S. dollarsillegal, and India's action in withdrawing large currency notes fromcirculation."China is in turmoil because it's not growing fast enough to support itspopulation," Berkley said, "especially the increasing numbers of retiredmilitary and their pensions. The continuing problem in the Middle East is likelyto increase pressure to build the Dakota Access Pipeline as a way to reducedependency on foreign oil, and all of Africa is in turmoil."All these factors are likely to increase risk for marine insurance, which iscurrently dealing with the challenges of larger container ships with more cargo,larger cruise ships with many more passengers and crew, as well as a slowereconomy that means fewer goods being transported around the world.Berkley was asked for his opinion of the effect of Brexit on London financialmarkets and the insurance industry. "If you're in London, where can you moveto?" he said. "And people really don't want to relocate, as we found out when weconsidered moving employees from Delaware to Des Moines."London was a strong center for financial services for hundreds of years beforethere was a Common Market and a European Union, and it's likely to remain so,Berkley said.Election concernsAddressing the topic of the 2016 presidential election, Berkley said that Trumpwants to be known as a great president, even if he isn't really sure what thatmeans yet. His life is now dramatically different, but he hasn't yet fullygrasped the limitations the office of the president of the United States willimpose. Every minute of his life is now scheduled, and that will be a challengefor him, he added.For the next 12 to 18 months, Berkley predicted, the economy will get better.Trump will make deals with Congress to pass a budget and begin infrastructurerepairs. He pointed out that in business Trump has always had smart advisers,and he's likely to do so in the White House. "Will he listen to them? Whoknows?" he said.Related: What does a Trump presidency mean for the P&C industry?On the subject of immigration, there are likely to be some changes, but not asdramatic as Trump has talked about, Berkley said. Most people agree that thereis a problem with some illegal immigrants who are also criminals or who havecommitted serious crimes in the United States, and those are the immigrants thatBerkley believes Trump will target, not every immigrant. "He's a pragmatic man,"Berkley pointed out. "Don't confuse his rhetoric with reality."Effect of outside capitalOutside capital is coming into insurance in the form of investments from pensionfunds and hedge funds, Berkley said, earning investment income and underwritingprofit. But they're operating under the fallacy that underwriting profit isautomatic when it's not. Success in the insurance industry comes back tounderwriting skill and expertise, he added. Capital and expertise are bothneeded, but in different ways.If interest rates go up, alternative capital won't leave the insurance industry,Berkley predicted. But a catastrophic loss - something like a new asbestosproblem or multiple hurricanes - will make them leave. "If you don't have a longenough view, you'll be driven out," he said.Insurance is a long-term business in a short-term world that moves at the paceof text messages, Berkley observed, but results don't happen that quickly, whichmakes pricing effectively a challenge. "The most exciting parts of this businessrequire the most expertise," he said, referring to the opportunity to insurerisks that are one-off or unusual.Berkley believes that artificial intelligence and emerging insurance technologywill provide better data to make better underwriting judgments. As an example,he described investigators using artificial intelligence to detect art forgerieswith 99 percent accuracy. "AI is exciting but frightening because we're allgoing to have to change the way we do things and change is hard," he concluded.