Something is deeply wrong when the pope's voice, reputation and influence can beborrowed by a source that describes itself as ''a fantasy news site'' to claimthat he has endorsed a presidential candidate, and then be amplified,unchallenged, through a million individual shares.The attention paid to fake news since the election has focused largely onfabrications and outright lies, because they are indefensible, easy to identifyand extraordinarily viral. Fake news is created by the kinds of people who, whenasked, might call their work satire, or admit that they're in it for the moneyor for the thrill of deception. Theirs is a behavior that can and should beshunned, and that Facebook is equipped, and maybe willing, to deal with.For many people, and especially opponents of President-elect Donald J. Trump,the attention paid to fake news and its role in the election has provided asmall relief, the discovery of the error that explains everything. But as theattention has spread widely -- even President Obama talked passionately about iton Thursday -- it may lead to an unwanted outcome for those who see it not justas an explanation, but also as a way to correct the course. It misunderstands anew media world in which every story, and source, is at risk of beingdiscredited, not by argument but by sheer force.False news stories posted on fly-by-night websites were prevalent in thiselection. So, too, were widely shared political videos -- some styled asnewscasts -- containing outright falsehoods, newslike image memes posted byindividuals and shared by millions, and endlessly shared quotes and video clipsof the candidates themselves repeating falsehoods.During the months I spent talking to partisan Facebook page operators for amagazine article this year, it became clear that while the ecosystem containedeasily identifiable and intentional fabrication, it contained much, much more ofsomething else.I recall a conversation with a fact checker about how to describe a story,posted on a pro-Trump website and promoted on a pro-Trump Facebook page -- and,incidentally, copied from another pro-Trump site by overseas contractors. Ittried to cast suspicion on Khizr Khan, the father of a slain American soldier,who had spoken out against Donald J. Trump.The overarching claims of the story were disingenuous and horrifying; the factsit included had been removed from all useful context and placed in a new,sinister one; its insinuating mention of ''Muslim martyrs,'' in proximity tomentions of Mr. Khan's son, and its misleading and strategic mention of Shariahlaw, amounted to a repulsive smear. It was a story that appealed to bigotedideas and that would clearly appeal to those who held them.This was a story the likes of which was an enormous force in this election,clearly designed to function well within Facebook's economy of sharing. And itprobably would not run afoul of the narrow definition of ''fake news.''Stories like that one get to the heart of the rhetorical and strategic risk ofholding up ''fake news'' as a broad media offensive position, especially afteran election cycle characterized by the euphoric inversion of rhetoric by some ofMr. Trump's supporters, and by the candidate himself. As the campaignprogressed, criticism of Mr. Trump was instantly projected back at his opponent,or at the critics themselves. ''No puppet. No puppet. You're the puppet.''This tactic was used on the language of social justice, which was appropriatedby opponents and redeployed nihilistically, in an open effort to sap its powerwhile simultaneously taking advantage of what power it retained. Anti-racistswere cast as the real racists. Progressives were cast as secretly regressive ontheir own terms. This was not a new tactic, but it was newly effective. Itdidn't matter that its targets knew that it was a bad-faith maneuver, a clearbid for power rather than an attempt to engage or reason. The referees calledfoul, but nobody could hear them over the roar of the crowds. Or maybe theycould, but realized that nobody could make them listen.''Fake news'' as shorthand will almost surely be returned upon the mediatenfold. The fake news narrative, as widely understood and deployed, has alreadybegun to encompass not just falsified, fabricated stories, but a wider swath oftraditional media on Facebook and elsewhere. Fox News? Fake news. Mr. Trump'smisleading claims about Ford keeping jobs in America? Fake news. The entirety ofhyperpartisan Facebook? Fake news. This wide formulation of ''fake news'' willbe applied back to the traditional news media, which does not yet understand howthreatened its ability is to declare things true, even when they are.Facebook may try to address the narrow version of the problem, the clearlyfabricated posts. Facebook has plenty of tools at its disposal and has alreadypromised to use one, to bar sites that have been flagged as promoting falsifiedcontent from using its advertising platform. But the worst identified defendersmake their money outside Facebook anyway.Another narrow response from Facebook could be to assert editorial control overexternal forces. Facebook tried this, to a very limited extent, with TrendingTopics. Members of the company's editorial staff wrote descriptions of trendingnews stories, accompanied by links they deemed credible. This initiativecollapsed in a frenzy of bias accusations and political fear. But it is easy toimagine a system in which a story, upon reaching some high threshold of shares,or a source, upon reaching some cumulative audience, could be audited anddeclared unreliable. This could resemble Facebook's short-lived experiment totag satire articles as such.A number of narrow measures could stop a fake story about the pope, for example.But where would that leave the rest of the media? Answered and rebutted, andbarely better positioned against everything else that remained. It would be astill-dominant news environment in which almost everything there before remainedintact, the main difference being that it would have all been declared,implicitly, not fake.Facebook is a place where people construct and project identities to friends,family and peers. It is a marketplace in which news is valuable mainly to theextent that it serves those identities. It is a system built on ranking andvetting and voting, and yet one where negative inputs are scarcely possible, andwhere conflict is resolved with isolation. (Not that provisions for openconflict on a platform present any easy alternatives: For Twitter, it has been asource of constant crisis.)Fake news operations are closely aligned with the experienced incentives of theFacebook economy -- more closely, perhaps, than most of the organizations thatare identifying them. Their removal will be an improvement. The outrage at theirmere existence, and at their promotion on a platform with the stated goal ofconnecting the world, will have been justified.But the outrage is at risk of being misdirected, and will be followed by therealization that the colloquial ''fake news'' -- the newslike media, amateur andprofessional, for which truth is defined first in personal and political terms,and which must only meet the bar of not being obviously, inarguably,demonstrably false -- will continue growing apace, gaining authority by sheerforce, not despite Facebook but because of it. The company that created thesystem that resulted in hoax news stories should try to eliminate them, and withany luck it will. But the system stands to remain intact.Media companies have spent years looking to Facebook, waiting for the company topresent a solution to their mounting business concerns despite, or perhapsbecause of, its being credited with causing those concerns. Some have come tothe realization that this was mistaken, even absurd. Those who expect theoperator of the dominant media ecosystem of our time, in response to gettingcaught promoting lies, to suddenly return authority to the companies it hassuperseded are in for a similar surprise.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/19/business/media/exposing-fake-news-eroding-trust-in-real-reporting.html