Earlier this year, as many Americans found the leading presidential contendersunpalatable, some conservatives enthusiastically urged retired Gen. JamesMattis, who has a cult following in military circles, to jump in as a darkhorse. He shot down that idea in April, seeming perplexed. Now it appears likelythat he'll have a second act, as President-elect Trump's secretary of defense.If confirmed, General Mattis could bring a voice of reason to a White House thatwill be led by a dangerously ignorant president who has so far shown too littleinterest in opposing views. General Mattis would come into the job having stakedout positions that are at odds with those Mr. Trump embraced in his campaign --for instance, on the use of torture and on the Iran nuclear deal. (The generalis opposed to the former and favors preserving the latter.)General Mattis, who rose through the ranks of the Marines and retired in 2013after running the United States Central Command, or Centcom, has seen the valueof America's alliances abroad and has a deep understanding of foreign policy andconflict zones around the world. During a hearing before Congress early lastyear about national security challenges, he outlined a vision of Americanleadership that is starkly at odds with Mr. Trump's argument that the UnitedStates must look inward and reconsider the merit of military and diplomaticalliances.''The international order,'' General Mattis told lawmakers, ''demands tending byan America that leads wisely, standing unapologetically for the freedoms each ofus in this room have enjoyed.''To take the reins of the Pentagon, General Mattis would need a waiver fromCongress to exempt him from the law that bars retired military officers fromtaking a senior position in the defense department within seven years of leavingthe service. Senator Kirsten Gillibrand of New York said on Thursday that shewould oppose granting him a waiver, calling civilian control of the military ''afundamental principle of American democracy.''That law is important in keeping clear the separation between national securitypolicy making and execution. General Mattis and Mr. Trump should be prepared toexplain persuasively why he warrants an exemption.Beyond that question, he has a long record worth examining. Last year, forinstance, he criticized the Obama administration's release of Guantánamodetainees, arguing that ''if taken prisoner, you'll be prisoner until the war isover.'' How can he justify that position? The offshore prison, in whichgovernment actions subverted the Constitution and violated international law,has made the United States less safe.Another question is whether General Mattis intends to roll back militarypersonnel policy changes adopted during the Obama administration, includingopening all combat roles to women, allowing openly gay troops to serve andaccommodating transgender troops. A book for which he was a co-editor this yearsuggested a disturbing resistance to having the best qualified Americans in theservices, regardless of gender, sexual orientation or gender identity. ''We fearthat an uninformed public is permitting political leaders to impose an accretionof social conventions that are diminishing the combat power of our military,''the book says. That is a groundless claim. America's military has always grownstronger when barriers to inclusion have been dismantled.While General Mattis will face tough questions from Congress, he may be wellequipped to ask a few of his own. He has been a critic of the way Congress hashandled the military budget, and as a fiscal conservative, he has called thenational debt a long-term security challenge. Earlier this year, he rightlyquestioned the failure of members of Congress to formally authorize the use ofmilitary force in the fight against the Islamic State. ''They appear to be morewilling to sit outside and criticize the president than to put themselves on theline and say here's where we stand,'' he said.Lawmakers would benefit from his propensity to speak his mind. So would thepresident.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTopinion),and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/02/opinion/an-experienced-leader-for-the-pentagon.html