THE HOUSE AND SENATE: There were no roll calls in the House or Senate last week.A big topic of discussion last week in the Bay State and across the nation waswhether the president of the United States should be elected by popular vote orthrough the current Electoral College system. Last week, U.S. Rep. CharlieRangel (D-NY) and U.S. Sen. Barbara Boxer (D-CA) proposed constitutionalamendments in Congress that would abolish the Electoral College.The president and vice president are not actually elected directly by the votersbut rather by "electors" who are elected by popular vote from each state. Thereare 538 electors with each state assigned electoral votes equal to the number ofits members of Congress. The 538 electors, correspond to the 435representatives, the 100 senators, plus three electors for the District ofColumbia. Electors are chosen by political parties and pledge to vote for thewinner of the state's popular vote. The candidate who wins 270 or more electoralvotes wins the presidency.Current results from this year give Donald Trump 290 electoral votes and HillaryClinton 232. Michigan has not yet completed its tally so it is not certain wherethose 16 electoral votes will go. In the popular vote, although official resultshave not been announced, Clinton by most counts seems to be ahead of Trump atthis point by anywhere from 1.5 to 2.5 million votes.One of the key roadblocks to abolishing the Electoral College is that it wouldrequire a constitutional amendment that is either proposed by two-thirds of eachhouse of Congress or by a constitutional convention that would be called if 34states requested it. In both cases, the proposed amendment would then have to beratified by 38 states to become part of the Constitution. Both avenues aredifficult, at best.Fair Vote is a group with the goal of electing the president by popular votewithout abolishing the Electoral College but rather by creation of an unusualpact between the states.The Bay State in 2010 joined this pact -- the Agreement among the States toElect the President by National Popular Vote. It would require states that jointhe pact to cast all their electoral votes for the presidential candidate whowins a majority of the national popular vote in all 50 states and the Districtof Columbia. The pact would become effective when states representing at least270 electoral votes -- a majority of the 538-vote Electoral College -- join thepact. It is an attempt at an end-run around the Constitution.Every four years there is talk nationally about abolishing the Electoral Collegeand electing the president by the national popular vote. The talk intensifieseach time a candidate who wins the popular vote loses the election. This hasoccurred five times in history -- the most two recent being this year and in2000 when Al Gore won 543,895 more popular votes than George W. Bush but wasbeaten by Bush in the Electoral College by a razor-thin 271 to 266 margin. Inthe end, it was the recount in Florida in which Bush beat Gore by 537 votes thatdecided the race. The three other races in which this occurred were in 1824,1876, and 1888.Pact supporters say the law will pass constitutional muster because theConstitution gives the states complete power to determine how to allocate theirelectoral votes. Opponents argue that the Compact Clause of the Constitutionrequires congressional approval of the pact before it could take effect. Thepact would likely be challenged in the courts if and when it has enough statesto guarantee 270 electoral votes to the winner of the popular vote.According to Fair Vote's website, the pact has been signed into law in theDistrict of Columbia and 10 states possessing 165 electoral votes -- 61 percentof the 270 electoral votes needed to activate the legislation.Supporters of the pact say the Electoral College is an antiquated system that isinherently undemocratic and gives voters in states with large numbers ofelectoral votes more voting power than those in other states. Some opponents saythat the Electoral College is a good system that has worked well and should notbe changed. They argue it gives voters in smaller states power that they wouldnot have if the president was elected strictly by a popular vote system in whichcandidates would concentrate on states with larger populations.Stay tuned.ALSO ON BEACON HILLREQUIRE INSURERS TO COVER LIPODYSTROPHY (S 2137): A new law that took effect onNov. 8 requires insurance companies to provide coverage for the treatment oflipodystrophy, a medical condition that can cause abnormal fat accumulationaround the head and neck or excessive fat loss in the face and limbs.Lipodystrophy is associated with frequent injections at the same point on thebody, such as injections of insulin.ALLOW TOWING FROM "PARK AND DRIVE" LOTS (S 2452): A law that allows operators ofstate-owned "Park and Drive" parking lots to tow any car that is left unattendedin the lot for more than 21 days took effect on Nov. 16.BAN DISCRIMINATION IN ORGAN TRANSPLANTS (H 4332): The House and Senate approvedand sent to the governor a proposal prohibiting consideration of a patient'sintellectual or physical disability when determining who is eligible for anorgan transplant and who should be highest on the waiting list. The measureallows the disability to be considered only if it is determined to be medicallysignificant in a negative way to the transplant.MBTA HAS UNCOLLECTED BILLS: An audit of the MBTA from July 1, 2012, through June30, 2015, by State Auditor Suzanne Bump's office found that the MBTA has$1,863,103 in uncollected accounts receivable for which it has not been paid.Half of those are more than a decade past due.MBTA Director of Communications Joe Pesaturo said, "... the MBTA has beenactively working to reform its finances and operations to improve thereliability of the system for riders and taxpayers, correcting bad practices andclosely examining all contracts to identify millions of dollars in savingsopportunities."MONEY FOR AIDS AND HEPATITIS (H 3960): The House approved and sent to the Senatea bill that expands the use of a fund currently used for AIDS prevention andreduction. It would allow its use on programs for HIV or viral hepatitisprevention and treatment.During the week of Nov. 21-25, the House met for 32 minutes while the Senate metfor34 minutes.