Post-election rioters align with the super-richThe Democrat youth prodded by their professors are still protesting theelection, sometimes violently. In Portland, Oregon, the vast majority per policearrest records didn't even bother to vote or register to vote. Let's look atwhat the students and professors call a disaster of an election.Record numbers of Hispanics, African-Americans, Asian-Americans and women ofcolor will serve in the next legislative session. The number of women will staythe same in the new Congress, at a total of 104 members, but a record number of21 women will serve in the Senate.The New York Times promised to "rededicate ourselves" to good journalism, andstated they "reported on both candidates fairly during the presidentialcampaign." The next day the latter statement has been scrubbed in "To OurReaders" letter on the Times' website. Even the Times could not swallow thatfairness line.The rioters' favorites, the Democrats, or as I call them the party of thesuper-rich (just observe Barbara Boxer, Dianne Feinstein, and Nancy Pelosi'sincreasing riches) are still in power on the left coast. Democrats have managedRepublican voter suppression in California, knocking most of the party offduring the primary.Although rioters, one down side. "When we see people, global elites, wealthycorporations seemingly living by a different set of rules, avoiding taxes,manipulating loopholes ... this feeds a profound sense of injustice," proclaimedBarack Obama. After eight years no Democrat tried to stop this, but actuallyused these loopholes to become super rich themselves.- B.K. Brooks, ChicoChico citizens repudiate last-minute hit piecesWith the election of three liberals and just one conservative back to the ChicoCity Council, I'd like to thank Chico voters for apparently seeing right througha blatantly false, slick, glossy, expensive, last-minute (three days before theelection) hit piece mailer from the Butte County Awareness and AccountabilityCommittee.This is the same organization that targeted Scott Gruendl with two similarmailed hit pieces two years ago, just ahead of his bid for re-election to theChico City CouncilThis current hit piece that I received in the mail, from an organization whosetreasurer is the former head of the local branch of the tea party (as recentlyas 2014), accused council candidate Randall Stone of basically being a climatechange denier.Interesting charge, in that the Pew Research Center reports that fully 75percent of tea partyers are on record as being climate change deniers.Note the spin here: an ultra-conservative political organization that isfour-square against the concept of human-induced climate change is accusing aliberal Democrat of being a climate change denier. Interesting strategy. Wherehave we seen this kind of political strategy used before? I wonder ...Bottom line: The last-minute nature of slick, expensive hit pieces like theseshould be an immediate red flag to any potential educated voter.- Mark S. Gailey, ChicoTrump's election should be familiar to history buffsNot since Henry Clay, who also ran several times, has a presidential candidateso superbly qualified failed to get elected.In 1832, Clay too was defeated by a spectacularly underqualified opponent. Thiswas Andrew Jackson, a back-woods Indian fighter, who believed the system wasrigged, and who put an end to the unbroken chain of gentlemen who had occupiedthe White House since it was built in Washington's presidency. In fact, at hisinauguration Jackson's rough and tumble supporters trashed the place.So we have been here before and survived, which may be some consolation. Not somuch if you remember what happened next. Jackson presided over Indian removal -the "Trail of Tears," the ethnic cleansing of the Indian population of thecountry. When the Supreme Court ordered its halt, Jackson replied, "(ChiefJustice) John Marshall has made his decision, now let him enforce it."Jackson's primitive economic policies (he too was against regulation) resultedin a runaway real estate and banking boom, which ended in the Panic of 1837 andthe worst recession the country had ever seen.So wish us luck. History comes with no guarantees and without a return policy.Besides, no one ever supposed American democracy was other than a somewhatimplausible experiment in the first place.- Carl Peterson, Paradise