Faith in AmericaFor many years, it has been my privilege and honor to play taps for severalpatriotic events in Bangor: Memorial Day, Veterans Day, Pearl Harbor Day,Remember the Maine Day and the anniversary of the Korean War armistice. I wantto share a deep feeling that I experienced this Veterans Day as the paradewended its way through downtown.When I arrived at my post at West Market Square, I sensed a difference in thedemeanor of the people lining the parade route. Most of the time, it's asociable crowd, with a spirit of celebration. But not this year. There was atangible hush, and the expressions on many faces seemed blank or apprehensive.The presidential campaign, with all its bitterness and personal invective, hasset many citizens back on their heels. We are a nation divided in a way not seenor felt since the national disillusionment over the Vietnam War. Perhaps mostdisturbing is the all-too-obvious effort to avoid post-election discussions.But we will find our voices again, and perhaps the rancor caused by the electionwill awaken us from apathy and extreme partisanship, and the feeling ofhelplessness will be replaced by a sense of ownership of our government andpeople will demand full accountability of our leaders.I have faith that nothing will harm us because we have been reminded of how wehave taken the precious gift of democracy so much for granted.Hal WheelerBangorCollins wrong on SessionsAlabama Sen. Jeff Sessions, the top contender to be attorney general in theTrump administration, was recently backed by Sen. Susan Collins. Collins, aRepublican who entered the Senate with Sessions in 1997, called him " anindividual who works hard, believes in public service, and acts with integrity"and would be "well qualified" to serve as attorney general.Apparently Collins is not bothered by the fact that the Senate rejectedSessions' nomination to be a federal judge in 1986, even with a Republicanmajority, because of his racist record. Sessions has described the NAACP andMartin Luther King Jr.'s Southern Christian Leadership Conference as "unAmerican" and " communist inspired."Sessions fought for years to preserve Alabama's separate but unequal schoolsafter desegregation, and as a U.S. senator he fought against advances in racialequality, women's rights, due process for immigrants and voting rights.As attorney general, he will be overseeing our Department of Justice, and hewill have broad powers regarding enforcing the country's laws. Please rememberCollins' endorsement of Sessions two years from now, when she is up forre-election.Diane SmithHoldenWhat is America becoming?Like many Americans, I'm concerned about what damage Donald Trump's presidencymay do to the common good of our country. While I believe we have an obligationto give him a chance, I also feel a number of issues would bear close monitoringfrom the start, not the least being his interim staff and his cabinet choices --including his appointment of Stephen Bannon as his chief strategist and Sen.Jeff Sessions as attorney general, as well as Myron Ebell, a climate changedenier, who is overseeing the transition of the Environmental Protection Agency.Beyond that, I cannot help worrying about such issues as the future of SocialSecurity and Medicare, a tax plan that favors the rich and would significantlyincrease the national debt, a discriminatory immigration policy, a pull-out fromthe Paris climate accord, a foreign policy that appears chummy with Russia, anda denigration of the free press. Many of these issues President-elect Trump haspromised to address in his first 100 days, a period that could see majorrevisions in policy on these and other issues.I urge our senators and representatives in Washington to act as a balance inthese unpredictable and scary times. We need to pay attention to what ourcountry has been and what it is in danger of becoming.Richard MatthewsPhillips