PORTLAND, Maine -- A former Portland real estate developer waived indictment andpleaded guilty Monday in U.S. District Court to making $22,500 in illegalcampaign contributions to presidential candidates during the 2011 primaries,according to the U.S. attorney's office.Michael A. Liberty, 56, now of Windermere, Florida, admitted that between Mayand June 2011, he made campaign contributions through nine employees, associatesand family members to the principal campaign committee of a candidate forpresident, a press release issued Monday said.The case appears to be the first time anyone has been prosecuted in Maine forviolating the Federal Election Campaign Act."Mr. Liberty has cooperated with the government in this matter, which involvesincidents that occurred six years ago," his attorney, Richard Zack ofPhiladelphia, said Monday afternoon. "He has accepted responsibility for hisconduct and wishes to move on with his life."Zack and Assistant U.S. Attorney Donald Clark, who is prosecuting the case,refused to name which campaign received the illegal contributions.Court documents also do not name the candidate, but in May 2011, Libertycontributed $2,500 to Mitt Romney's campaign for the GOP nomination forpresident, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.Campaign finance laws limit individual contributions to a candidate to $2,500during the primary election cycle.Clark declined to comment on the case. It is the practice of the U.S. attorney'soffice not to comment on cases until after sentencing.Liberty remains free on personal recognizance bail. Conditions include his nottraveling outside the state of Florida without prior permission from an officerwith U.S. Probation and Pretrial Services in Orlando, Florida.Under the federal sentencing guideline range the recommended prison sentencewould be between six and 12 months, according to the plea agreement. Theprosecution agreed to recommend a sentence at the low end of the guidelinerange.Liberty faces a fine of between $67,000 and $250,000, the plea agreement said. Asentencing date has not been set but is not expected to take place until nextyear.In addition to his activity in presidential races, Liberty has focused onelections in Maine, often in support of conservative candidates. In 2014, he wasthe primary supporter of the Citizens for a Safe Cumberland County PoliticalAction Committee, which spent $100,000 on behalf of Michael Edes, who was acandidate for Cumberland County sheriff. According to a 2014 article in thePortland Press Herald, Edes was accused of coordinating with Liberty's PAC, butthe Maine Commission on Governmental Ethics and Election practices found noevidence to justify an investigation.Besides contributing to Romney, Liberty also has made campaign donations to TimPawlenty, Bob Dole, George H.W. Bush, Bruce Poliquin, the Maine RepublicanParty, Olympia Snowe, the Republican National Committee and others. He alsosupported some Democrats over the years, including George Mitchell, EthanStrimling, John Baldacci and Joe Brennan.At one point, according to a friendly 1989 profile in Yankee Magazine posted onLiberty's website, Liberty was worth more than $300 million, money he made inreal estate and investments. Among his many holdings over the years was OxfordPlains Speedway, and he has been more recently rumored to have shown interest inScarborough Downs, which is for sale.BDN writer Christopher Cousins contributed to this report.