This week, a developer and entrepreneur once dubbed " Donald Trump with a Maineaccent" had a less auspicious brush with presidential politics than thepresident-elect.Gray native Michael Liberty, 56, pleaded guilty to making $22,500 in illegalcampaign contributions, which court documents indicate benefited Republicanpresidential candidate Mitt Romney's 2012 campaign. Prosecutors are seeking atleast six months of jail time and penalties for Liberty, who faces sentencingApril 11 in federal court in Portland.The possibility of jail comes at an already difficult time for Liberty. Heseparately faces a charge that he lied to federal financial regulators,allegedly hiding money in a company, Xanadu Partners LLC, to avoid paying mostof a $6 million penalty levied against him in an earlier fraud investigation.Liberty denies those charges and any misrepresentation of his finances.A close reading of court documents sheds light on the role of a longtime adviserand business partner in Liberty's latest legal troubles. It remains to be seenwhether damage from his testimony is done.Further investigation of Liberty's holdings has turned up both dirt and theperception of dirt. But it's not clear exactly why and how deeply investigatorsare digging into the finances of the young mogul, who turned controversial realestate success into a vast array of business ventures in and beyond Maine.Inside XanaduLiberty's trouble with the SEC stems from 2006 charges that he and othersmisappropriated about $9 million in investor money, putting it toward personalexpenditures or investments.Liberty faced a penalty of about $6 million, which regulators agreed to cut toabout $600,000 because Liberty reported a net worth of negative $30 million.Liberty settled the suit without admitting or denying guilt.Regulators say they now have reason to believe his financial disclosures were aruse, based on new evidence that includes emails and testimony from Liberty'softentimes second-in-command and more recent courtroom opponent, James G.Stanley Jr.Stanley stated Liberty didn't have a personal bank account, using corporateaccounts to make personal expenses and investments."[Liberty] didn't want the world to know anything [a]bout Xanadu," Stanley saidin a June 1 deposition."I was told not to disclose it to the SEC," he added.Stanley's testimony stands near the heart of the SEC's new case, which arguesthat Liberty should pay at least the full penalty for the 2006 charges, plusinterest, as he spent or disbursed about $25 million from Xanadu accounts from2007 through 2010.Liberty reported to the SEC that Xanadu was owned by a trust established for thebenefit of his children. The SEC claims Liberty said Xanadu had no value at thetime, but his attorneys argued that's not the case."The report did not list any specific information about the value or incomeassociated with Xanadu," his attorneys wrote in a response to the SEC complaint.A long historyLiberty and Stanley have fought in court for years. Their business relationshipbegan to deteriorate in 2007, according to a Maine Supreme Judicial Court rulingissued last year, dealing with a 2012 lawsuit Stanley filed for retirementbenefits from the Liberty companies. Stanley had worked for Liberty since 1987.The state court battles detail a complicated intermingling of personal andbusiness funds at Liberty's companies, including personal money loaned to theLiberty companies by Stanley and his wife. Such a loan was the subject of alegal battle between the two, resolved last year in a ruling by U.S. DistrictJudge D. Brock Hornby in Stanley's favor.That time together spans the bulk of Liberty's sometimes controversial careerand early rise as a real estate developer in Maine. He now lives in Windermere,Florida."Depending on whom you talk to, Mike Liberty is either regarded as a YankeeHoratio Alger story or else as an absolute symbol of what has happened to Mainein the past decade, the ultimate opportunist and despoiler of the state, DonaldTrump with a Maine accent," said then-Portland City Councilor Pamela Plumb, in a1989 profile of Liberty in Yankee magazine. "The truth may be somewhere in themiddle or a combination of both."Early in his career, Liberty was a developer of the 91-unit Chandler's Wharfcondo project and two office towers at 100 Middle St. in Portland. He also wasan owner of the Oxford Plains Speedway. His later career has been defined byfounding the mobile payment startup Mozido, based in Austin, Texas.Forbes magazine reported in June that the startup missed payroll multiple timesearlier this year and that a former director, Philip Geier, received subpoenasfrom the Department of Justice and SEC related to Mozido's records.In the charges against Liberty, the legal scuffles with Stanley loom in thebackground.Stanley's attorney Toby Dilworth said his client's June 2016 depositionregarding Xanadu was related to recently settled litigation between Liberty andStanley. He declined to say more because of a confidentiality agreement.Liberty's Philadelphia-based attorney, Jay Dubow, said he was unsure of thereason for Stanley's deposition and was unaware of any connection between theelections and SEC charges.A possible linkFederal investigators and parties in the case did not disclose the reason forthe probe into Liberty's campaign contributions, or any connection between thatcase and the earlier fraud investigation.The U.S. attorney's office also did not identify the candidate or the people inwhose names Liberty made contributions. But information provided in thecomplaints makes clear at least some of the parties in question, includingStanley.For one, the complaint specifies that the contributions were given only duringthe primaries. In 2011, Liberty gave only to Republican primary candidates,Romney and Tim Pawlenty.The complaint also deals only with contributions of $2,500, the maximum thatindividuals can give to a single primary or general election candidate underfederal election laws. Liberty gave the maximum amount to both candidates. Thecomplaint specifies that nine donations from Liberty's "employees, familymembers and associates" made up $22,500 in contributions between May 13, 2011,and June 1, 2011.No other Maine donors made the maximum contribution to Pawlenty for that time,according to campaign finance records. But 10 contributors from Maine did maxout to the Romney primary campaign. A few had clear connections to Liberty,including Stanley.The complaint specifies that an executive at one of Liberty's companies wrote acheck for $2,500 and got three other employees to write checks for that amountto the unspecified campaign, for which they were later reimbursed.Campaign finance records show Stanley, as CEO of The Liberty Group, contributed$2,500 on the same day as Linda Swan, a property manager for Liberty Management,and two apparent relatives of Liberty's.The case has spurred questions at the state level, as well. In a blog post forthe Bangor Daily News on Friday, author and Maine People's AllianceCommunications Director Mike Tipping reported many of the same contributorslinked to Liberty donated to Gov. Paul LePage's 2010 election effort.Â