BROOKLIN, Maine -- Just over a month ago, before Libby Chamberlain decided tocreate an invitation-only Facebook group of like-minded Hillary Clintonsupporters, she was focused on her two young children, her life as a marriedmillennial in rural coastal Maine, and her career as a college counselor andhigh school admissions director.Now, she is attracting national notice as the founder of the skyrocketing, 3.7million-member- strong "secret" Facebook group Pantsuit Nation. And she istrying to determine how to sustain and channel the group's energy despite theircandidate's shocking defeat."I always felt very passionately that [Hillary Clinton] is a one-in-a-lifetimecandidate for president," Chamberlain said earlier this week, adding thatClinton's qualifications--not just her gender--set her apart. Now, she said,Pantsuit Nation has "shifted to taking the issues that were important to hercampaign and remain critically important to our members and making sure thoseissues have traction and voice and organization going into this nextadministration."Sitting on a couch in her home nestled in the woods across the road from ablueberry field, Chamberlain, 33, said she was an ardent Clinton supporterthroughout the 2016 presidential campaign. But it wasn't until Oct. 20, the dayafter Clinton's final debate with Donald Trump, that she thought of creatingPantsuit Nation.After chatting online with a friend, Chamberlain created an invitation-onlygroup on Facebook where her friends could talk about why they were supportingthe former Secretary of State. Her friends could invite their friends, buteveryone had to stick to Chamberlain's edict: As an antidote to an oftenpoisonously hateful and divisive campaign season, all posts at Pantsuit Nationhad to be personal and positive. Attacks on anyone, Trump included, wereprohibited.The Pantsuit Nation moniker was an homage not just to Clinton but to thewardrobe choices women have faced as they have struggled for workplace equality,Chamberlain said. She vowed online to wear a pantsuit when casting her ballotfor Clinton and encouraged others to do the same.Chamberlain sent out a few dozen invitations on Oct. 20. Within hours, PantsuitNation's memberships exploded.By the time Chamberlain went to bed that night, the group had more than 1,000members, she said. At the end of the next day, it had more than 24,000. ByElection Day, it had more than 2 million-- and added another 1 million on thatday alone.By then, Chamberlain and her rapidly assembled team of moderators, who nownumber 70, were screening thousands of submitted posts each day while trying tomotivate their membership to help get out the vote for Clinton.And then, of course, Clinton lost. In her concession speech, Clinton made a slyreference to Pantsuit Nation, thanking supporters who had "posted on Facebook,even in secret, private Facebook sites."Chamberlain said that after the election it took her awhile "to even feel like Ihad my feet underneath me." But fairly quickly she decided that "Pantsuit Nationwas more important on Wednesday morning than it was on Tuesday morning."Pantsuit Nation still has a role to play in promoting women's equality, shesaid, and in supporting other groups that historically have faceddiscrimination.However, exactly what the group's future will be beyond its still-vibrantpresence on Facebook is unknown, Chamberlain said. She and the group's othervolunteers are exploring options and soliciting professional advice."We're very interested in forming a nonprofit," Chamberlain said, adding theprocess usually takes six to nine months. "All the [organizational]infrastructure we're building underneath us."Whether Pantsuit Nation becomes a charitable nonprofit or takes a more overtlypolitical route -- as Emily's List does in bankrolling female candidates whosupport the right to abortion and the Human Rights Campaign does in advocatingwith equal rights for LGBTQ people -- has not been decided, Chamberlain said.The group this week released a manifesto in keeping with Chamberlain's originalvision for the Facebook group of providing a upbeat, supportive forum forfeminists and people who have been marginalized. Sharing positive, inspirationalexperiences on issues of public debate will remain a core aspect of PantsuitNation's purpose, according to Chamberlain."We remain committed to the idea that storytelling is a form of activism. Thatwill continue to be our focus as a way to provide a platform for people to makethe political personal," Chamberlain said, adding that racial justice, equalrights for women and LGBTQ people, immigrant rights and access to health areamong the issues important to Pantsuit Nation."When people speak from experience about those things, I believe that is howchange is made in our country," Chamberlain said.Chamberlain said she has decided this week to quit her job in order to focus onnurturing Pantsuit Nation -- in addition to parenting her two young children andserving on the local school board.She said she has not decided whether to join the Women's March on Washingtonscheduled for Jan. 21, the day after Trump will take office. Pantsuit Nation isnot involved in organizing the march.Chamberlain said she remains hopeful about the nation's future, especially inlight of the fact that Clinton won the popular vote."One of the things [Pantsuit Nation] has shown me is how strong we are in ourdiversity," Chamberlain said. "When you look at a group of this size -- 3.7million people -- and you see all of the goodness that is coming out of thesepeople and supporting one another and sharing their own stories, it is hard notto be optimistic."Â