After the rise and electoral triumph of Donald Trump, Democrats could beexpected to be searching their souls, re-examining their approach to policy andvoters, and maybe even looking for new faces and fresh leadership.Yet the Democrats could not even bring themselves to replace Nancy Pelosi astheir leader in the U.S. House. She was re-elected on Tuesday - 134 to 63.Ms. Pelosi, 76, has led her party in the House since 2003, including four yearsas speaker. She was challenged for the leadership position by Rep. Tim Ryan ofnearby Youngstown, Ohio. The 43-year-old congressman, just re-elected to hisseventh term, said it was time for change in the Democratic Party, an assertionit is almost impossible to refute.Mr. Ryan also said that the Democrats losing the presidential election to Mr.Trump was a clear signal that his party no longer hears its base of working menand women. They are the very people who helped the president-elect win theso-called Rust Belt or Brexit states. Mr. Ryan asserted that his party hasbecome a party of the East and West Coasts.But Mr. Ryan did not even get close to toppling Ms. Pelosi, which makes onewonder what it would take for Democrats to trade in their reliable old warhorses for fresh blood and ideas.The Democrats, under Ms. Pelosi, lost the House in 2010, 2012, 2014 and 2016. In2010 they lost 63 seats. They went from holding 257 seats in 2008 to 194 in thiselection. This was the year the Dems were supposed to retake the House. Theypicked up six seats.How many times do House Democrats have to lose before they figure out that Ms.Pelosi is not the winning ticket? She comes from a House district in SanFrancisco, about as distant from middle America as strict can be.Ms. Pelosi wrote to Democratic House members that in order "to be a strong voicefor hard-working families and to uphold the values we cherish as Americans,House Democrats must be unified, strategic, and unwavering. These qualities tookus to victory in 2006, and I believe they will do so again."This is delusional. The election of 2006 was a decade - a decade of defeat -ago. By re-electing Ms. Pelosi, the Democrats have quite possibly doomedthemselves to losing the House again in 2018. It is reasonable to suppose theywill never regain the House under Ms. Pelosi's leadership, and most Democraticcongressmen know this.As Mr. Ryan said: "Under our current leadership, Democrats have been reduced toour smallest congressional minority since 1929. This should indicate to all ofus that keeping our leadership team completely unchanged will simply lead tomore disappointment." He told ABC News: "Donald Trump is the president. That ishow bad we are out of touch, that the backbone of our party went and voted forDonald Trump. And I say that's our fault."But telling the obvious truth got Mr. Ryan precisely nowhere. When a formerrepresentative from North Carolina, Heath Shuler, challenged Ms. Pelosi in 2010,he did even worse. He got only 43 votes despite the drubbing House Democratstook that year.Democrats could not even take a first small step of firing Nancy Pelosi. Herre-election shows how unimaginative and clueless the House Democratic caucusreally is. Worse, it shows that the Democrats cannot break the grip of bicoastalidentity politics. They cannot understand the economic anxiety of those whovoted for Mr. Trump. They cannot even begin to listen to these voters, let alonecourt them. They don't live in their world.