Driving the rural lane to his sister's farmhouse in Butler County today for theannual family Thanksgiving gathering, Jeff Swensen won't be surprised to feel alittle uneasy.The liberal Democrat, a 52-year-old photojournalist, has had some raw politicalrows in recent years with Republican members of his family, mainly his parents.With the wounds from the polarizing Trump-Clinton presidential campaign stillfresh, any such talk could be more troublesome than usual. After all, sharpcutting knives will be within reach."Usually I'm telling myself I need to keep my mouth shut and not be baited intoan argument, which is easily done with me," says Mr. Swensen, who nonethelessloves his family and will be driving from Oakmont to join them with hissimilarly liberal wife and three children.His father, Harold Swensen, 83, one of Pittsburgh's most prominent surgeonsbefore his retirement, won't mind a bit if politics comes up before, during orafter dinner. He grew up in a household where debates - or frequent arguments -over such topics were common. The Fox Chapel Republican who voted for DonaldTrump, though he wasn't happy about his party's choice of nominee, considers anysuch talk one more opportunity to talk some sense into his son."I don't understand how someone could grow up in this house and have some of theideas he has," Dr. Swensen laments. "But I'm not troubled by getting angry orupset or having a difference of opinion - it's almost a rush to me."Whether the Swensen clan's version of talking turkey this year will includetalking Trump - and how that will go, if so - was still unclear at this writing.Theirs is hardly the only household likely to wrestle with the issue during thepost-election holidays of 2016. How many will give thanks today, after all, forexperiencing what feels like one of the most divisive periods in America sincethe Vietnam War?Members of some families will simply skip participation in the traditional mealbecause they've been hardcore Trump or Clinton supporters who can't fathom beingamong relatives on the other side who outnumber them. A colleague at thisnewspaper even volunteered to work a holiday shift so as not to share meat andpotatoes - and discussion - with a parent of opposing ideology.Some families may set boundaries that put the recent election off-limits,preferring a less contentious topic to discuss with mouths full: Who's to blamein the Brad Pitt-Angelina Jolie divorce? Did Bob Dylan really deserve a NobelPrize for literature? Why, dear God, are the Steelers so bad against bad teams(except the Browns)?If the talk turns political, that will undoubtedly trouble some people, Dr.Swensen aside. A post-election ABC News survey found 14 percent of respondentswould find political discourse over Thanksgiving dinner "very" stressful andanother 24 percent "somewhat" stressful. In a separate online survey, conductedby the Meyocks marketing firm, 30 percent of people wanted the topic to be tabootoday.If the latter is true, would it be best for a host or hostess to just make apreemptive declaration to guests that politics is off the table? Um, probablynot, according to some advisers."Pre-empting conflict, in my experience, brings on more conflict," said LynnMacBeth, a Pittsburgh lawyer and family mediator. "I would be careful aboutsaying anything at the outset, because that's just going to open up the wound."She added, however, that people should anticipate the recent election as alikely topic of discussion. Planning comments that can be delivered in anunemotional way, so as to avoid arguing, would be a good idea, Ms. MacBeth said.If attendees can come up with a good political joke or other means of keepingthe conversation light, so much the better."I would say the No. 1 rule is to remember your values, and you value your lovedones not because of their political beliefs but because of the love you have andthe important relationships you have that overlap," she said. "There's just toomuch at stake to put politics first."Erin Yanacek and her husband will be hosting their parents at their Greenfieldhome in their first Thanksgiving as newlyweds. Her father will be the loneRepublican, she says, and with some hard-core leftists present, he and she knowit will be best not to make the election results part of the family discourse."I'm definitely the only one allowed to talk to my dad about politics," shesaid, and father and daughter are likely to do that privately on a jog together.If anyone goes rogue at dinner by mentioning the names Trump or Clinton, saidMs. Yanacek, 27, "the rest of us would quickly spring into action to change thesubject."Arthur Zipris, a psychologist and family therapist with the Western PennsylvaniaFamily Center, said each family's ability to handle the topic will varyaccording to how mature its members have been in the past in handlingdisagreements. Every family has tensions, he said, and relatives have to learnhow to maintain composure without lashing out during disagreements."The way to help the family is not by trying to get people to have the correctopinion, but to manage yourself," Mr. Zipris said.Like Ms. MacBeth, he advised thinking ahead about the right thing to say if theelection comes up, to help avoid the kind of offensive or defensive statementsthat might create long-lasting scars."People don't go into battle without going to boot camp first, or go to theOlympics without training, so prepare yourself on how to be more thoughtful,"Mr. Zipris said.Jeff Swensen, who spent a good portion of this year photographing Trump ralliesdespite a visceral dislike for the president-elect, said he's so aghast at someof his relatives' politics - and at how emotional he believes some of them get -that it makes it hard to maintain his own composure. He believes the family maydo some "walking on eggshells" when gathering today."We could have World War III, or everybody could just laugh and say, 'Thankheavens we're all together,' " he said.His father acknowledges he himself gets "probably a little more touchy" withJeff than with other people, because "you're less likely to put up with certainthings with a son."But Dr. Swensen also believes everyone will manage just fine at the annualgathering in Middlesex today, based on their mutual caring. And in the unlikelyevent that cutlery enters the equation, the longtime orthopedic surgeon justchuckled at the prospect: "Oh, I'd have the advantage there."