A Carnegie Mellon University associate professor and expert in internationalrelations, U.S. foreign policy and political strategy has been named toPresident-elect Donald J. Trump's transition team for the National SecurityCouncil.Kiron Skinner is founding director of the Institute for Politics and Strategy inCMU's Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences. She joined theuniversity in 1999 and is a distinguished fellow of CMU's CyLab.Reached Tuesday evening, she declined to comment on her appointment.The institute is a focus for research as well as undergraduate and graduateeducation and endeavors in political science, international relations, nationalsecurity policy and grand strategy across the university, CMU officials said inannouncing her appointment to the Trump team.Beyond campus, she is a special adviser to Adm. John Richardson, the chief ofnaval operations, is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and is a lifedirector of the Atlantic Council.She also is a research fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institution onWar, Revolution and Peace, which, according to its website, seeks to "promoteeconomic opportunity and prosperity, while securing and safeguarding peace forAmerica and all mankind."Inspired by President Herbert Hoover, a Republican, the institution has longreceived support from the Sarah Scaife Foundation. Last year, the foundation,according to its tax filings, donated $300,000 to the institution for researchprograms and fellowship support, and $50,000 for an unspecified "book project."In her role with the Hoover Institution, Ms. Skinner in 2010 interviewed RichardMellon Scaife, the late Tribune-Review publisher who directed the foundation tosupport conservative causes. The interview was quoted earlier this year in legalfilings in a lawsuit filed by Mr. Scaife's daughter and son against threetrustees accused of failing to preserve a trust fund.From 2001-2007, Ms. Skinner was a U.S. Defense Department Defense Policy Boardadviser on the Iraq and Afghanistan wars. She was a foreign policy surrogate forthe Bush-Cheney 2004 re-election campaign and a senior foreign policy adviser toNewt Gingrich for his presidential bid in 2011-12, according to biographicalinformation on CMU's website.Two New York Times bestsellers, "Reagan, In His Own Hand" and "Reagan, A Life InLetters," were co-written by Ms. Skinner .Ms. Skinner holds master's and doctoral degrees in political science andinternational relations from Harvard University. She has undergraduate degreesfrom Spelman College and Sacramento City College.