President-elect Donald Trump's surprise phone call with Taiwan's president leftmany in China reeling over a perceived assault on the country's sovereignty andquestioning their assumptions about America's future leader.Although Trump repeatedly denounced China's trade policies as unfair during thecampaign, many here thought that his "America first" rallying cry might sparetheir country from lectures on human rights, territorial disputes and otherdiplomatic sore points."This is a message that their predictions were too optimistic," said ShiYinhong, director of the Center on American Studies at People's University inBeijing. "China leaders will be quite prudent in their response, but thisnaturally increases worries in their minds about Trump's possible attitudes andpolicy towards China."No president or president-elect is believed to have spoken directly with aTaiwanese leader since the United States recognized the mainland government andcut ties with Taiwan in 1979. China views the self-governing island as abreakaway province and opposes any attempt to recognize it.China's Foreign Ministry issued a "stern" notice to the U.S. on Saturdayevening, stressing "there is only one China in the world, and Taiwan is aninseparable part of Chinese territory."But officials directed most of the blame at Taiwan. Earlier in the day, ChineseForeign Minister Wang Yi referred to the call as a "little trick by Taiwan" andsaid he did not believe it would alter long-standing U.S. policy toward China.Jonathan Sullivan, director of the China Policy Institute at the University ofNottingham in Britain, said Beijing has nothing to gain by souring relationswith the U.S. and hopes to have a productive relationship with Trump."While I'm sure they were taken aback by this faux pas, it won't be a totalsurprise to them, given what they know about Trump's modus operandi," he said.Despite Trump's frequent criticism of cheap Chinese exports, and his claim thatChina is stealing American manufacturing jobs, the president-elect has attractedconsiderable support on Chinese social media sites in recent months.Many users appreciated what they perceived as an authoritarian streak, one thatmirrors that of their own leaders. Some were also drawn to Trump's toughrhetoric about Muslims.The response to Saturday's 10-minute call was more divided, however. Some userslabeled Trump a two-faced businessman and accused him of "breaking the rules."Others struggled to understand what the call could mean for their country."Trump is not the president yet, so he took advantage of being a politicalnobody to harass China," one person said on Zhihu, a question-and-answerplatform similar to Quora.Another guessed that Trump might "use Taiwan as a card to play" and test China'sdiplomatic capabilities.The strained relations between China and Taiwan date to 1949, when MaoTse-tung's Communist forces defeated Chiang Kai-shek's Nationalist army, endinga protracted civil war. Mao established the People's Republic of China; Chiangfled to Taiwan and named Taipei the capital of his own domain, the Republic ofChina.Both sides consider themselves rightful governments of a unified Chinese state.The upshot is that foreign powers can have formal diplomatic relations with onlyone or the other -- and the vast majority chose Beijing.Western governments, therefore, approach relations with Taiwan with extremedelicacy and deliberate ambiguity. The U.S. claims to have relations with the"people on Taiwan" -- not of Taiwan -- and instead of an embassy, it operates anAmerican Institute in Taipei.The stakes are high. When the U.S. offered a visa to Taiwan's then-president,Lee Teng-hui, to speak at Cornell University in 1995, China recalled itsambassador to the U.S. and fired a series of missiles into the Taiwan Strait.That's why Trump's call -- which appeared to recognize Taiwanese President TsaiIng-wen as a head of state -- was seen as a dramatic, and potentially dangerous,break from protocol."Obviously, it's not just a phone call, but a signal, even a series of signals,that Trump is telling Beijing," said Shen Yi, an international studies professorat Fudan University, in an online article published Saturday. "He is not apresident-to-be that plays by the rules."Alex Huang, the island's presidential spokesman, told the South China MorningPost that Tsai initiated the call.During the conversation, Tsai expressed the wish to establish closer ties withthe U.S. and said she hopes Washington can help Taiwan "have more chances toparticipate" in international relations, according to a statement issued by heroffice.Taiwan's lack of formal ties abroad has hampered the export-reliant island'sability to sign trade deals.Tsai won a landslide election in January on promises to take a harder line withChina. But her popularity has plummeted amid economic malaise.Trump and Tsai exchanged ideas about stimulating Taiwan's economic developmentand stepping up security, her office said.The U.S. government has sold Taiwan advanced weapons in the past despite strongdisapproval from China.Even before the conversation, China's leaders were scrambling to understand apresident-elect with virtually no stated policy on the region. Chinese PresidentXi Jinping spoke with Trump days after he was elected.On Friday, Xi welcomed former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, who also justmet with Trump.--jonathan.kaiman@latimes.comMeyers is a special correspondent. Yingzhi Yang and Nicole Liu in The Times'Beijing bureau contributed to this report.