There is no dancing in the end zone yet, but the NFL is seeing a post-electionday bump in its TV ratings.The total Nielsen overnight ratings for NFL telecasts in Week 11 of the seasonwere up 3% compared with last year, the first time in the 2016 season thatviewing has increased. The rise follows the improved viewing in Week 10, inwhich the decline the NFL had been seeing this fall had been cut significantly.Through the first nine weeks, ratings had shown double-digit declines whencompared with the 2015 season. The most pronounced drops were in the networkprime-time games on Thursday, Sunday and Monday nights. Analysts have cited manyexplanations, including boring matchups and cord cutting by consumers.Then there was the election. The league and network executives believedunprecedented interest in the presidential campaign was pulling viewers away andwere hopeful of a bounce back when it concluded."It's a little premature to take a victory lap or say whatever problems we wereexamining a month ago have gone away, but there are some encouraging numbers outthere," said Mike Mulvihill, executive vice president for research, leagueoperations and strategy for Fox Sports.In the two telecasts since election day, NBC's "NFL Sunday Night Football" hasseen its ratings improve compared with last year. Sunday's Washington Redskinsvictory over the Green Bay Packers scored 18.7 million viewers, up 4% over lastyear's Week 11 game. The nail-biting win by the Seattle Seahawks over the NewEngland Patriots on Nov. 13 was 13% better than last year's Week 10 game.CBS had its best Sunday afternoon of NFL games this past weekend. Thanks to theregional contests that included the resurgent Dallas Cowboys, the networkaveraged a 10.2 household rating, up 20% from Week 11 in 2015.The NFL is also seeing a boost from "Thursday Night Football" games on NBC. Lastyear, the Thursday games in the second half of the season were shown on NFLNetwork.Aside from resolution of the 2016 race for the White House, the NFL is probablybeing helped by the on-field narratives that have developed in recent weeks. Theseason began without some of its biggest names, such as the retired PeytonManning. But casual fans are starting to recognize a new generation of starssuch as Dallas Cowboys rookie Dak Prescott and the Oakland Raiders' Derek Carr,who is guiding his team to its first playoff run since 2003.The Cowboys have emerged as a ratings powerhouse thanks to rookie Prescott'sability to step in for the injured Tony Romo. The Cowboys gave Fox -- the onlynetwork that hasn't seen a significant decline in its NFL ratings this year --the most-watched NFL game of the season as 28.9 million viewers tuned in for theteam's 35-30 victory over the Pittsburgh Steelers on Nov. 13.Having "America's Team" become a Super Bowl contender can be a major driver forratings for the rest of the season. The Cowboys have two prime-time games comingup on NBC and a Monday night contest on ESPN."The good news for the league is that the Cowboy wealth is going to be spread onevery network," Mulvihill said. "The great news for us is we'll be the home oftheir playoff run. We will share the wealth in the regular season but we'll ownthat story in January and February."--stephen.battaglio@latimes.com