Heather Spohr didn't vote for Donald Trump, but that doesn't mean she's notinterested in keeping up with what her soon-to-be president has been saying.That hasn't been so easy for the Thousand Oaks mother of two ever since shetweeted during a Republican primary debate last year that she found thecelebrity businessman "repulsive" because of his feud with Fox News anchor MegynKelly.Spohr is now one of an untold number of people who are blocked from followingthe president-elect on Twitter -- a distinction that ordinarily wouldn't matterexcept that Trump, who hasn't held a news conference since July, uses the socialmedia platform as his primary tool for communicating with the American public.Spohr can't follow her future president, view his tweets or communicate with himon Twitter (not that she ever thought he'd notice). She now relies on friends tosend screen shots of the president-elect's tweets. Her husband also checks forher in the morning using his Twitter account given Trump's propensity forposting missives overnight."It makes me laugh in a way that's not funny," said Spohr, 37, a blogger andfreelance writer. "I can't see the tweets of the president-elect. He's going tobe my president. It's absurd."In a campaign year defined by the upending of political norms, this may feellike just another Trumpian triumph over tradition. Twitter, after all, is aprivate platform where free speech protections don't apply and users can chooseto unfollow, mute or block anyone they want.But unlike other Twitter users, Trump is about to become the 45th president ofthe United States. His conduct on social media matters, according topresidential historians and political scientists, because by blocking followers,Trump is effectively saying only Americans who resist the urge to publiclydisparage him are worthy of his pronouncements."The president should speak to all Americans directly and not filter peopleout," said Timothy Naftali, a presidential historian at New York University."Are people blocked from watching television or listening to radio when apresident gives an address? The president-elect needs to get used to the ideathat presidential words matter. And everyone needs access to those words."It's unclear how many people are blocked by Trump, who has 16.3 millionfollowers to his account (@realDonaldTrump).Twitter says it won't comment on individual accounts, and the Trump transitionteam did not respond to a request for comment.It's also unclear if President Obama, the nation's first chief executive to taketo Twitter, has blocked any followers on either his private account(@BarackObama) or the official presidential account (@POTUS). The White Housedid not respond to a request for comment. Last year, however, White Housespokesman Patrick Rodenbush tweeted "Nobody is or has ever been blocked from the@POTUS twitter account" in response to a conservative critic who said he hadbeen blocked.Trump will take control of the official presidential account after he takesoffice. It is uncertain which one he'll use as his primary account, or whetherpeople followed -- or blocked -- on his personal account will get the sametreatment from the presidential handle.A search on Twitter reveals numerous people who claim to have been blocked byTrump's account, often posting the screen grab to prove it."Regret to inform that I cannot see the Trump tweets you're referring to, as Iam blocked by the ... President of the United States," David Roth, asportswriter, said in a Nov. 15 tweet that was retweeted more than 7,500 times.Some seem to revel in the ban by someone poised to become the most importantworld leader."Well, I've finally made it," tweeted Adam Molloy, a self-described actor,singer, writer and producer with fewer than 200 followers. "@realDonaldTrumpblocked me on Twitter. I'm not one to brag, but this feels good."Others say a block by Trump is akin to a badge of honor. "Being blocked by Trumpis the new Verified Account," tweeted someone with the handle @JRMcGRail.Andrew Friedman, a New York media strategist, discovered that he was blocked byTrump in 2013 shortly after his then-boss, New York Atty. Gen. EricSchneiderman, filed a suit against Trump University."If anyone happens to bump into the next leader of the free world, can you askhim to unblock me on #Twitter? Many thanks," Friedman recently tweeted.The move to block people puzzles Friedman, who said a president should try topersuade all Americans to buy into his vision for the country."It seems like it would be in his best interest to allow people of all opinionsto read, see and hear all that he has to say," Friedman said in a phoneinterview.What warrants a block from our next president? Sometimes all it takes is apuerile jab from a high schooler.Antonio Del Otero, 16, said he was blocked after replying to one of Trump'stweets by likening the president-elect to a Cheetos snack."I didn't believe it at first," said Antonio, a Detroit resident who has sincedeleted the offending tweet because he caught the ire of Trump supportersonline. "I didn't know what to think. I see this guy all over the news and hemust have seen my tweet and blocked me. I was really shocked, but my grandma wasthrilled."Though a fervent Trump detractor who uses an expletive on his Twitter page todenounce the incoming president, Antonio is still hopeful that he'll beunblocked after Inauguration Day, figuring that staff members will eventuallytake over the presidential account with a clean slate."If not, it's just as much an honor to be blocked by the 45th president of theUnited States," said Antonio, a member of his high school class council.Experts, however, are less sanguine about Trump restraining his behavior onTwitter.Trump has turned the microblogging service into his soapbox, allowing him tocircumvent a media with which he is often at odds. Like the fireside radio chatsof President Franklin D. Roosevelt, Trump uses the technology of his day tobypass the media and communicate directly with the nation.With his speech unchallenged, Trump has used the platform not just to rally hissupporters but also, critics say, to distract from negative coverage and toattack his rivals. His tweets have insulted a cross-section of America,including celebrities (Alec Baldwin, Penn Jillette and Neil Young), the media(CNN and the New York Times), companies (Amazon and Macy's) and places (NewJersey).And those who have insulted him back? Some of them find themselves blocked.Every president, of course, has a different tack for dealing with critics; somebetter than others, said Barbara Perry, director of Presidential Studies andCo-Chair of the Presidential Oral History Program at the University of Virginia.President Kennedy once canceled all White House subscriptions to the New YorkHerald Tribune. President Nixon created an "enemies list" that includedjournalists. Thin skin is typically not a desirable quality for the country'shighest office."What will happen to a president who deliberately removes himself fromcriticism?" Perry said.There are workarounds that let users see Trump's tweets even if he blocks them,such as opening a new account. There's also an emerging movement on Twitter tobeat the president-elect at his own game by tuning him out with the hashtag#BlockTrump. That, however, seems unlikely to change social media behavioringrained with more than 34,000 tweets by Trump in seven years.Naftali, the NYU historian, is already wondering whether Twitter may be the bestmedium for recording the president's legacy."I've been thinking about his presidential library," he said. "Would there be awhole wall of his tweets?"--david.pierson@latimes.comTwitter: @dhpierson