Leaders of California's three systems of public higher education sent a jointletter to President-elect Donald Trump on Tuesday urging him to allow studentswho are in the country illegally to continue their educations without fear ofdeportation."These sons and daughters of undocumented immigrants are as American as anyother child across the nation" in all but the letter of the law, do not pose asafety threat and have contributed to their communities, wrote University ofCalifornia President Janet Napolitano, Cal State Chancellor Timothy P. White andEloy Ortiz Oakley, chancellor-designate of California Community Colleges."They represent some of the best our nation has to offer," the three continued."They should be able to pursue their dream of higher education without fear ofbeing arrested, deported, or rounded up just for trying to learn.... we imploreyou to let them know they are valued members of our communities and that theywill be allowed to continue to pursue the American dream."Trump said during his campaign that he would reverse an Obama administrationprogram that deferred deportation proceedings against certain young people whowere brought to the country illegally as minors but stayed in school and out oftrouble. That program, known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA,has approved applications nationally from nearly 742,000 people -- 214,000 ofwhom live in California, the most of any state.The California entreaty comes after more than 300 college presidents signed anopen letter to the country's leaders pushing for DACA to be continued andexpanded as a "moral imperative and a national necessity."That earlier letter was initiated by Pomona College President David Oxtoby andsigned by leaders at campuses including Yale, Harvard, Stanford, USC, UC Davis,Occidental College, Pitzer College and Scripps College.It is not clear that students face immediate risk, however. Terry Hartle, seniorvice president of the American Council on Education, said that Trump's recentstatements suggest he may focus first on building a wall along the U.S.-Mexicoborder and on deporting criminals.California university officials say they also are heartened by state laws thatprovide some of the nation's strongest protections to students who entered thecountry illegally -- giving them access to driver's licenses, state financialaid and in-state tuition, for instance.Tens of thousands of these students have turned to UC, Cal State and Californiacommunity colleges for a shot at higher education. The systems do not trackstudents' immigration status, but the closest rough estimate comes from AssemblyBill 540, a 2001 state law that enables some California students who are in theU.S. illegally to qualify for in-state college tuition.Last year, AB 540 waivers were issued to about 61,000 students at communitycolleges, 10,000 at Cal State and 3,700 at UC. Overall, the three systemseducate 2.8 million students.Administrators say the DACA program, which also gives access to work permits,empowered more students to come out of the shadows. At UC, for instance, thenumber of students who qualified for AB 540 waivers jumped from 885 in 2011 to3,765 last year. Community colleges, Cal State and private campuses such asPomona also reported significant increases.Students who are in the country illegally account today for about 4% of PomonaCollege's 1,600 undergraduates."DACA -- not just for Pomona, but for the whole country -- has encouraged highschool students to take their studies more seriously and get into college,"Oxtoby said. "Before DACA, they didn't see the reason to go on, because theydidn't see a future."Oxtoby has personally assured students that Pomona will fill any financial aidgaps should Trump end the program and their access to work permits. Pomona alsobrought in an immigration lawyer to speak to students seeking legal advice andadvised those without legal status not to study abroad next semester "because wejust don't know what will happen when they try to return," Oxtoby said.Ray Murillo, director of student programs at Cal State, the nation's largestpublic university system, said students who are in the country illegally have,since the election, feared deportation the most but also worry about theirability to keep their jobs and pay for school. Before DACA, he said, studentshad to find under-the-table work, typically with lower pay and poorer workingconditions. Now, he said, students can fill campus jobs, compete for internshipsand study abroad -- activities that help them feel more connected to theirschools.One oasis of support for such students is the Titan Dreamers Resource Center atCal State Fullerton, which opened in 2014 -- the first of eight such Cal Statecenters. On Monday, it was filled with students doing homework and bonding withclassmates who shared their anxieties about the future.Brenda Villa, a third-year undergraduate studying broadcast journalism andeconomics, walked past hand-painted canvases that proclaimed "Undocumented andUnafraid" and hugged a classmate. The threat that Trump would end DACA hasbrought students closer together, she said.She said the uncertainty of the future for herself, her friends and her familyhit her the morning after the election. She is trying to lead by example andmotivate her two younger sisters to succeed in college."I just started crying. It felt like someone close had died," she said. Shehoped to study abroad in 2018 and to graduate on time. Now she worries thatwon't be possible.One young woman who would give only her first name, Jessica, for fear of beingidentified, said she graduated from Cal State Fullerton in 2012 without DACA,working 18 hours a week under the table as a waitress to pay for school and helpher parents with rent. But she was devastated to find she could not accept a joboffer at the Head Start program that helped her when she was in preschoolbecause she had no legal work permit.Under the DACA program, she was able to get the Head Start job. She worked therefor three years and went on to graduate school. She's well on her way torealizing her dream of becoming a social worker in high schools or even startingher own practice."My biggest concern now is, what's going to happen after I graduate?" she said."And then of course, there's that fear of deportation... what could happen to mywhole family."Henoc Preciado, the center's coordinator, said the Trump victory triggered asense of hopelessness among many of the hundreds of students who visit. Somebegan skipping classes and work; he referred one student to counselors after hespoke of having suicidal thoughts, and said many others have sought mentalhealth services."For these students, when they don't yet know how they're going to protectthemselves or their family members, school is going to be secondary," he said."[DACA] is not just a policy, it's not just an executive action. These arepeople whose lives are in limbo."Napolitano, who heads the 10-campus, 252,000-student UC system, has a particularinterest in DACA, which she devised in 2012 when she was U.S. Homeland Securitysecretary under President Obama. At the time, she said, the administration was"stymied" by congressional inaction in its efforts to reform the nation'simmigration laws and offer a path to legalization for those here illegally.In an interview Monday, Napolitano said she wanted Trump and others tounderstand that the program is not a "blanket amnesty" as some have labeled it,but requires an individual case review to screen each candidate for potentialsafety threats, age requirements and other criteria. Nearly 65,000 cases weredenied as of June, according to federal immigration data.Napolitano has convened a task force to examine the potential effect on studentsof any actions by the incoming administration. All UC campuses have supportcenters for students in the country illegally, offering academic aid, legaladvice and a wide variety of scholarships, fellowships and grants."We want to do everything we can to protect DACA students," Napolitano said."They have done everything society has asked of them except they were broughthere as children undocumented."--rosanna.xia@latimes.comteresa.watanabe@latimes.com