The archbishop spoke with a patience that belied his frustration."My dear brothers and sisters," he said to the congregation that had gathered atthe Cathedral of Our Lady of the Angels on the Thursday evening after thepresidential election. "We are here tonight because our people are hurting, andthey feel afraid."For more than 10 years, Los Angeles Archbishop Jose H. Gomez has argued that theU.S. immigration system is broken, and now overnight, the terms of the debatehad shifted.The calls for a massive increase in deportations, the political rhetoric of thelast year, threatened to become reality, and as he looked out upon the faces ofthe faithful, he could see their anxiety.That afternoon, with preparations in place, he had retreated to his privatechapel and prayed. Most homilies take days to prepare, and he had a little morethan an hour to find the words to ease the fear sweeping through thearchdiocese.He was nervous. Like most everyone, the result of the election had surprisedhim. What was he supposed to say?After a year of insults, threats and bombast, the election had laid bare thevulnerability of the governed.His quiet, amplified voice echoed through the cavernous space as he continued."We are here to listen to their voices because they feel they are beingforgotten."The prayer service had been organized at the last minute, inspired in part by aphone call from L.A. Mayor Eric Garcetti's office, and only 100 or socongregants were in attendance. Garcetti spoke, as did leaders representing theJewish, Muslim and Christian faiths.But for Gomez, who came to this country from Mexico, the service was anopportunity to show the church's solidarity with the more than 3 million Latinosin the archdiocese."That's what tonight is about," he said. "Not politics. It's about people."The words had a personal meaning for Gomez, whose mother's family was from SanAntonio and whose father's family came from Monterrey, Mexico, where he wasborn.As a child, he crossed the bridge at Reynosa, Mexico-McAllen, Texas, to visithis mother's family during the summer and spring break. His father liked tofish, and they would go to Padre Island in Texas.Even though he had a passport and a tourist visa, he recalls how scary theborder crossing was."Right now -- all across this city and in cities all across this country --there are children who are going to bed scared," he said.From 2009 to 2015, more than 2.5 million people had been deported under theObama administration. Now it appeared that many more were at risk.In the United States, there are 11.3 million undocumented immigrants, includingthe almost 750,000 so-called Dreamers, who had been given protection under thefederal Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program.The president-elect has promised in the next two years to either pressure themto leave or deport them, which would mean taking 15,000 into custody every day."There are men and women who can't sleep because they are trying to figure outwhat to do ... when the government comes to take them away from their kids andtheir loved ones," Gomez said, mindful of families divided, of the childrenwho've lost parents, of grandparents disappearing from their lives.He has long argued that economic desperation drives families to give up theirhomes and come to the United States.It is what makes Americans unique: not just their immigrant past but theiracceptance of newcomers. Immigration, he has written, is not a problem but anopportunity to renew the values that founded this country.After years of pastoral work in Mexico, he was assigned to a parish in SanAntonio in 1987. He was ambivalent about going. He describes his ministry inMonterrey as beautiful. At first he applied for an R-1 visa for religiousworkers, and within six months, he had a permanent resident card, a green card.In 1995, Gomez became a citizen, inspired, he says, by the chance to make acontribution to the United States.He says that many immigrants want to do the same. When he thinks about what itmeans to be an American, he says he thinks about his mother and her respect forothers, her willingness to listen.But in the succeeding years he has watched the generosity of this country growscarce, he says, reflecting upon the words of Pope Francis who has spoken about"the culture of selfishness and individualism" in society.In 2011, Gomez testified before the House Judiciary Subcommittee on ImmigrationPolicy and Enforcement and outlined the position of the U.S. Conference ofCatholic Bishops in their opposition of workplace immigration raids and in favorof reform.Two years later, he represented the bishops' position before the SenateJudiciary Committee.That same year he put his thoughts in a short book, "Immigration and the NextAmerica: Renewing the Soul of Our Nation."At the time there was the hope that politicians in Washington would fix thesystem."My fear," he wrote, "is that in our frustration and anger, we are losing ourgrip and perspective.... I'm worried we are losing something of our nationalsoul."His homily echoed this idea but with added urgency."We are better people than this," he said. "We should not accept that this isthe best we can hope for -- in our politics or in ourselves."Carolina Guevara, a spokeswoman for the archdiocese, said she is moved by thepassion in the archbishop's words. She also discerned a feeling of loss, a sensethat all the progress advocating for a humane immigration system might be sweptaway.The night before the service, demonstrators burned an effigy of President-electDonald Trump's head in front of City Hall. Some spray-painted graffitidenouncing the president-elect on buildings and sidewalks, and hundreds stormedonto the 101 Freeway north of downtown, shutting down traffic.That day, Gomez had tweeted: "True civility means demonstrating real respect forother people, even if we are deeply opposed to their positions or even theirworldview."Speaking in the cathedral, he needed to be more direct."The answer is not angry words or violence in the streets," he said. "It neversolves anything; it only inflames things more."Yet he understood frustration. He has lived with it through threeadministrations and doesn't understand why politicians -- against the wishes oftheir constituents -- have been unable to fix the immigration system. It seemsto him that they don't want to."Tonight," he said, "we promise our brothers and sisters who are undocumented,we will never leave you alone. En las buenas y en las malas. In good times andin bad, we are with you. You are family."When Ellie Hidalgo of the Dolores Mission heard the words -- e n las buenas y enlas malas, a popular idiom expressing the unbreakable bond, the love within afamily -- she let out her breath.She had come to the cathedral with nearly 30 members of her Boyle Heightsparish, families who wanted to know what the archbishop would say at such aprecarious time. She now felt inspired."Also tonight -- as we come together to pray for unity and to 'bind the woundsof division,' " said Gomez, borrowing a phrase from the president-elect'selection speech, "we pray for our leaders, including our president-elect.""Let's pray that they can come together, in a spirit of national unity, andagree to stop the threat of deportations -- until we can fix our brokenimmigration system."Gomez has never argued for a complete amnesty. He has said that those who arehere illegally must be held accountable with fines, maybe community service, andeducate themselves about the country's laws and government. Deportation, hebelieves, is a punishment that doesn't fit the crime.And in the final words of his homily, he called upon the archdiocese's mostenduring symbol of hope and unification, a symbol of faith that endures acrossborders in times of peril."And may Our Lady of Guadalupe -- the Mother of Jesus and the Mother of all thepeoples of the Americas -- may she watch over us and help us to truly become onenation under God."--thomas.curwen@latimes.com