President-elect Donald Trump on Saturday met with an eclectic mix of potentialCabinet picks, including a high-profile Republican foe, as he launched a Twitterstorm boasting about settling a multimillion-dollar lawsuit and criticizing acast member of a hit Broadway musical for speaking from the stage to his vicepresident-elect about "American values."When not on Twitter, Trump spent the afternoon at his golf club in Bedminster,N.J., where he met with former GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney, who isbeing considered for secretary of State, and others in the running for topadministration posts.Among job candidates getting face time with Trump was Michelle Rhee, aCalifornia education activist and nemesis of teachers unions, who is among thosebeing considered for education secretary.The meetings are scheduled to continue Sunday.The most anticipated sit-down involved Romney, who during the campaign wassharply critical of Trump's character, fitness for office and policy positions.The former Massachusetts governor shook hands with the president-elect when hearrived at Trump National Golf Club and told reporters 90 minutes later that thepair spoke about U.S. interests around the globe."We discussed those areas, and exchanged our views on those topics -- a verythorough and in-depth discussion in the time we had," Romney told reporters uponleaving the golf club. "And I appreciate the chance to speak with thepresident-elect, and I look forward to the coming administration and the thingsthat it's going to be doing."Trump also met with Rhee, presumably to discuss education issues. She was thecontroversial chancellor of public schools in Washington and now lives inSacramento, where her husband, former basketball star Kevin Johnson, is mayor.Rhee declined to speak to reporters as she left the club.Also on Trump's dance card for the day was retired Gen. James Mattis, a formerwar commander nicknamed "Mad Dog Mattis" who has been critical of some Obamaadministration policies and is being considered to lead the Pentagon.Patrick Soon-Shiong, who made his fortune developing an anti-cancer drug, alsomet with Trump. Soon-Shiong, a vice chairman of The Times' parent company,Tronc, has been involved in Vice President Joe Biden's cancer "moonshot"initiative to accelerate efforts to find cures.The meetings were designed to highlight efforts "to pull in diverse ideas anddifferent perspectives as we form this administration," said Trump spokesmanJason Miller.Trump, however, started the day off on a different note -- by sparking a feud onsocial media over what happened when his vice president-elect attended thecritically acclaimed Broadway musical "Hamilton." As Mike Pence was settlinginto his seat Friday night at the Richard Rodgers Theatre in New York, he wasboth cheered and loudly jeered by the audience. After the show, cast memberBrandon Victor Dixon addressed Pence from the stage.Pence left the auditorium before Dixon finished, but reportedly heard all theremarks over speakers in the hallway. Trump didn't appreciate Dixon's speech."Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater bythe cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing. This should not happen!" Trump tweeted."The Theater must always be a safe and special place. The cast of Hamilton wasvery rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!"Dixon responded on Twitter: "conversation is not harassment sir."Trump also tweeted in the morning to brag about settling fraud claims aimed athis defunct "university." A day earlier, Trump had settled two class-actionlawsuits filed in San Diego and a third suit brought by the New York stateattorney general for $25 million, something he had repeatedly said he wouldnever do."I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potentialaward because as President I have to focus on our country," Trump tweeted. "TheONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time togo through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!"--del.wilber@latimes.comTwitter: @delwilber