The California Democratic and Republican parties both can be thankful thisholiday. Democrats rule the roost in Sacramento. And Republicans can't fall muchlower.Democrats are in a prime position to soon start slipping off their perch. Andthe state GOP, with some uncommonly astute moves, could begin inching back upthe ladder to relevancy.Yes, maybe that is fantasy. But if Republican Donald Trump's unorthodox upsetvictory across America taught Democrats anything, it's that most of them shouldtoss out everything they think they know -- and do more thinking and listening.Change is the bedrock of our political system."If we didn't get a wake-up call from what happened in the rest of the country,then shame on us," says Sacramento-based Democratic strategist David Townsend,who advises business-friendly moderates. "It's about the economy. Trump won oneconomics. He didn't win on being a racist."Hillary Clinton, however, did carry California by almost 2 to 1 -- nearly 62% toabout 33% in the latest count. Still, Trump attracted more than 4 million votesin this deep blue state that contains solid patches of red in the interior.Clinton drew more than 7.5 million votes. Democrats have a ton to be thankfulfor.For starters, they hold every statewide office and the two U.S. Senate seats.And on Nov. 8, Democrats also increased their legislative dominance.They picked up three state Assembly seats and regained a two-thirds majority.They're also on the verge -- depending on the final vote count -- of gaining oneseat in the state Senate and reclaiming a two-thirds majority there.With a two-thirds majority in both houses, the Legislature can pass a taxincrease without Republican help. It also can place a state constitutionalamendment or a bond proposal on the ballot.That doesn't mean Democrats will do any of that. The last time they held atwo-thirds majority, after the 2012 presidential election, three senators gotinto legal trouble and were suspended. There went the two-thirds.Even without that, however, Democrats don't all think alike. The "mods" oftenvote with business and against taxes -- like Republicans. Townsend estimatesthere will be 22 or more business-friendly Democrats in the 80-member Assemblyduring the next legislative session. There'll probably be five in the 40-memberSenate.They're outnumbered by Democratic progressives, who don't like to be calledliberal anymore because they consider it a pejorative.The long-term danger for Democratic office holders in California is if theycontinue to ignore the middle class -- especially what's left of the blue-collarworkers who stiffed Clinton and sided with Trump in battleground states.In many respects, they're the descendants of the "Reagan Democrats" who beganleaving California when President Reagan ended the Cold War and aircraft plantsstarted shutting down.Automakers and other manufacturers also departed because of high taxes,environmental regulations and jobs being shipped to Mexico and overseas -- stuffthat Trump hammered on to attract working class voters in the Rust Belt."Trump pointed out that the system is rigged," Townsend says. "And it's riggedprimarily against the middle class. We haven't done a thing for the middle classin 20 years."The Democratic strategist uses a football analogy to describe the 2016presidential campaign:"It's like [quarterback] Tom Brady walking up to the line and seeing there's nodefender in the center of the field. Trump ran right through it."The last legislative session was a good example of Democrats' paying littleattention to the middle class.It raised the minimum wage, expanded overtime for farmworkers, added welfaremoney for diapers and allowed immigrants here illegally to buy health insurancethrough Obamacare. It also, under Gov. Jerry Brown's prodding, increasedCalifornia's fight against global warming.OK, fine. But it didn't do much to streamline much-abused environmentalregulations that delay and discourage job-creating economic development.And it completely failed to come up with a plan to fix California'sdeteriorating highways and bridges."Every damn pothole I hit belongs to Democrats," GOP consultant Rob Stutzmantold me Tuesday, driving back to Sacramento from the Bay Area.Republicans wouldn't raise the gas tax to finance repairs. But if the governorand Democrats really had focused on it, they should have been able to work outsome deal.GOP consultant Mike Madrid, whose grandparents migrated to Southern Californiafrom Mexico to work in airplane and auto plants, says, "The huge message toDemocrats nationally in the election was they can't win without the middleclass."With the white middle class declining in California, Madrid sees Latinosultimately taking their place. But because of the years of Republican jabberabout illegal immigration, he doubts Latinos will turn to the GOP anytime soon."There are significant racial overtones," Madrid says. "Now people at the bottomare increasingly Latino and black, and people with wealth are white and Asian.Never in history has that turned out well."Both parties are in deep trouble for different reasons. Republicans for racialreasons. Democrats for economic."Republican consultant Ray McNally, however, is a party optimist."One of the most important lessons I've learned after all these years," he says,"is that the party out of power can always count on the party in power to putthem back in power. The Democrats will overreach. Power really does corrupt."For today, Democrats can rejoice in their good fortune. And Republicans can bethankful for their turkey president-elect.--george.skelton@latimes.com