Janeth Calderon flipped on the kitchen light and the windows burned bright inthe pre-dawn blackness. Next she slayed the quiet, turning on a radio thatfilled the room with traditional Mexican music. A few pots and pans clattered asshe began making breakfast for her four children.Mario was up first. The 11-year-old with his short, dark hair and lanky framealready was taller than his mother, and he had to bend slightly to get a morningkiss.Next came Xitlaly Calderon, who would turn 8 that Saturday. Dressed in her tanschool uniform, she was excited about the birthday cupcakes she'd be giving outto her classmates."Leche?" mom asked."Si," her son replied.She poured him a cup of milk and turned back to the French toast. Janeth usuallywould ask her son about tests or homework. But mornings had been a little moresomber since Nov. 8, when Mario came home from school and told her what the kidhad said on the bus -- that because he was a Mexican he'd have to start sittingat the back now that Donald Trump would be president.Mario had never felt a sting like that before -- he was born in Idaho, just likehis sisters. His stomach churned. He was confused. Lonely. Anger muscled its wayforward too. The bus driver reprimanded the kid, and Mario didn't sit in theback. But the seed was planted. He worried that it would happen again."I felt sad," he said.Janeth already had plenty to worry about as her son grew older -- she would fretabout his grades, about his growing up so quickly and she still was learning howto gradually surrender her protective instincts to time. Now she struggled withthe quiet fear that Mario's dreams could be strangled by something new and ugly.For 11 years, he'd never felt like he'd been targeted for the way he looked.Donald Trump's victory changed that."Before the election, I didn't worry about this for my kids," she said softly."Now that he's elected, it feels different."Trump's comments during the campaign were well-documented. His claim that Mexicowas sending drug dealers and rapists to America was particularly incendiary, butso to were his tough immigration proposals that prompted supporters to chant"build the wall!" at rallies.The Southern Poverty Law Center has been tracking incidents of harassment sinceelection day. As of Monday, that number stood at 701.The bulk of the harassment has been labeled as anti-immigrant, with 206 fallinginto that category. Among those totals, most incidents have occurred at K-12schools.Trump didn't address the issue until Nov. 13 on "60 Minutes.""I'm so saddened to hear that," Trump said. "And I say, stop it. If it -- if ithelps, I will say right to the cameras: Stop it."He also condemned white supremacist groups at a meeting with the New York Timeslast week.But Trump had done some troubling things. He picked Stephen K. Bannon to be hischief strategist. Bannon oversaw Breitbart News, which became a key forum for amovement that has, in many cases, pushed a racist agenda. Trump met with KansasSecretary of State Kris Kobach, who wrote the "papers please" law in Arizonafueled by sentiment against immigrants in the U.S. illegally. And Sen. JeffSessions (R-Ala.) is Trump's pick to be attorney general. Sessions, ananti-immigration hard-liner, has been criticized for making racist remarks inthe past.Janeth's husband, Jorge Calderon, 36, felt as if he was watching clocks spinbackward to his days as a teenager. Fears he'd put to rest years ago began toresurface amid conversation at his job in the nearby sugar beet factory.Jorge moved to Idaho with his parents more than two decades ago. He came to loveIdaho after a rocky start when his parents got jobs and he helped them in thesummer picking fruit."We were in the fields, and across the highway there were some Caucasian peoplecalling us 'wetbacks' and saying, 'Go back to your country -- you don't belonghere.' It made me angry and it made me think I wanted to go in front of them andsay something back," Calderon said. "But I knew they were bigger and older and Iwasn't going to be able to do something."The outburst on the bus surprised him. It hurt him. It scared him too.Since Trump's election, immigrants living in the country illegally and theiradvocates have expressed fears of mass deportations and workplace raids. But forpeople like the Calderons, the fear is being targeted not for the legal status,but for their ethnicity.Both of Jorge's parents were legal permanent residents when he was born inCalifornia. Janeth and her parents are legal permanent residents too.He wondered whether their status would be enough protection for them amidanti-immigration zeal that seemed to surround Trump's campaign. Perhaps theyshould become citizens to be on the safe side. Janeth said she would start theprocess to becoming a citizen now. Jorge figured his parents -- close toretirement age -- wouldn't try. Janeth thought hers would.When Jorge walked in from the garage after getting off work from the overnightshift at the factory, he had just missed Mario taking out his violin to play"Ode to Joy" -- something to pass the time while Janeth lightly put Vaseline inXitlaly's hair to keep it from drying out. She helped her put in earrings too.Mario wiped the strings on the violin and put it away in its case while5-year-old Xochilt played with her younger sister, 2-year-old Sarnay. Jorge hadpicked up some doughnuts on the way home from work and put them on the kitchentable and they swarmed the box. Two languages bounced about the kitchen as thefamily rushed around, mostly speaking English but tossing in Spanish here andthere.School would be starting soon and Janeth made one last check that they hadeverything they needed. Coats were buttoned and backpacks slung over shoulders.Xitlaly asked if they had to go. Yes, Janeth said.Jorge went outside to unlock the car. The sun had risen, but it provided littlewarmth. Ice scrapers for car windshields finally were called into duty after anunseasonably warm fall. The sprinkler systems had been blown out, and tree limbsstill stubbornly clung to crisp leaves -- one storm removed from nakedness.His son's story about the bus worried both of them. Janeth said she noticed hewas staying late at school for math tutoring since election day, despite alreadyhaving solid grades in the subject. She wondered whether he was avoiding the busride home. He had said he would be staying late again that day. Could they pickhim up? Of course they could.The reality of what had changed seemed hard to grasp. And while harassment wasoccurring across the country, she said the large protests in places such as LosAngeles, Phoenix or Portland, Ore., seemed to offer some solace where largerpopulations of Latinos lived. In Idaho, with just 12% of the state's populationbeing Latino, the family felt more removed -- with 60% of voters in Idaho goingfor Trump and two-thirds in their county backing the Republican.Janeth also had heard of harassment through friends and local media.Ivan Carrillo, a paralegal at Ramirez-Smith & Tvinnereim in the nearby town ofNampa, said his sister's friend was spit on and called names. Carrillo said heand a friend went to a local bar and were called derogatory names.Trystan Gray, an 18-year-old Latino, told the Idaho State Journal that some ofhis classmates in Pocatello were telling him it would only be a "few more daysuntil Trump sends you out of here."Jorge and Janeth said they wanted to tell their son things will be OK. That hisdreams of starting a band at 15 and maybe joining the Army like Jorge's twobrothers did after high school are still possible. Or maybe going to college.Before the election, anything seemed possible."He is trying hard," he said.Janeth kept busy during the day while Jorge slept after his overnight shift. Shedelivered Girl Scout cookies. She visited a friend who recently had surgery.Janeth was still wearing a wrist brace from surgery she'd had for carpel tunnelsyndrome, which made her unable to cook a big birthday meal for Xitlaly.They decided they'd ask Xitlaly where she wanted to go for lunch on Saturday.But all day, Janeth worried about Mario. When it was time for the bus to dropXitlaly off, Janeth dressed up Sarnay in a jacket, slipped on her coat and bootsand walked along the sidewalk, past some homes. A couple pulling out of thedriveway waved. She waved back.As Janeth stood on the edge of the road, bracing against a cold wind, the yellowbus rolled up and finally lurched to a stop. The doors opened and a few kidstrickled out. She saw Xitlaly trundle out.Then, a surprise.Off the bus stepped Mario. He walked with his sister to meet Janeth at thecorner. He smiled. She sighed as he bent slightly to give her a kiss.--david.montero@latimes.comTwitter: @davemontero