Terry Hendricks supports Hillary Clinton, up to a point.The Fullerton resident thinks that point was reached Nov. 8 when Clinton lostthe presidential election to Donald Trump. Hendricks, 69, reckons that herrecurring $10 monthly contributions to the Hillary Victory Fund should have cometo a halt once the contest was decided and the candidate stopped running.Last week, however, the fund helped itself to another $10 credit card payment,and Hendricks is worried that the contributions may never end.She said she's made more than two dozen calls: to the fund, to her bank, to theDemocratic National Committee, to the Federal Election Commission. Either shegot no response or she was informed that there was nothing to be done."I realize it's only $10 a month," Hendricks told me. "But it's upsetting that Ican't stop it and I don't even know where the money is going."Other political donors and would-be donors should know this: Such behavior by amajor campaign is unusual."It's extremely out of the ordinary," said Taryn Rosenkranz, a Washington, D.C.,fundraising consultant who specializes in Democratic campaigns but played norole in the Hillary Victory Fund. "Typically, nothing is processed after theelection."What's striking here, therefore, is the profound difficulty Hendricks has facedin communicating with someone who could address her issues.As with all customer-service horror stories, this speaks to an institutionalfailure and an inability to treat those you count on -- in this case, voters --with appropriate courtesy and respect.The Clinton campaign's shortcomings are no different from a business forcingcustomers to navigate a complex phone tree and then being kept on hold for halfan hour (or longer).The Hillary Victory Fund was established last year as a joint fundraising effortby the campaign, the Democratic National Committee and about three dozen stateDemocratic committees. California's state party ran its own fundraisingoperation.According to the Center for Responsive Politics, the Hillary Victory Fundamassed a war chest of more than $473 million. Much of that went to Clinton'scampaign, but millions also were disbursed to state Democratic causesnationwide.California businesses were among the top donors. DreamWorks SKG, the productioncompany co-founded by Steven Spielberg, led the pack with $1.6 million incontributions to the fund.It was followed by Santa Monica's Saban Financial Group ($1.5 million); theinvestment firm Pritzker Group, which has a growing Los Angeles presence ($1.4million); and Apple ($1.2 million).Hendricks, a retired teacher, said she decided to set up a recurring monthlydonation over the summer after she received an email from Clinton's campaignoffering T-shirts for sale. A solicitation for contributions accompanied thesales pitch."It was something I could do," Hendricks recalled, "and it was easier to give$10 a month instead of a large amount at once."Clinton lost the election. "I just assumed that the donations would immediatelystop," Hendricks said, not unreasonably.Then came last week's credit card payment. Hendricks promptly called the numberon her statement for the Hillary Victory Fund and got a recording saying thatall representatives were busy and instructing her to leave a message. She did.Nobody called back."I must have called 27 times," she said. "Each time I left a message and eachtime I was ignored. It was like they'd all packed up and gone home."I called the same number and similarly heard a recording that everyone wasreally busy and that if I left a message someone would get back to me. No onedid.I also called the number listed on the fund's official paperwork and left amessage there. No response.Hendricks said she called the Democratic National Committee, but arepresentative insisted that the committee had no control over fund matters.Hendricks reported the problem to the Federal Election Commission, but it toohad no ready solution.More troubling is what happened with her card issuer, Bank of America. Hendrickssaid she spoke with two bank representatives and both said they couldn't stopthe payments.This was flat-out wrong."Customers can call us to put a stop on recurring payments," said Betty Riess, abank spokeswoman, adding that she didn't know why Hendricks wasn't told this.Even when the payee won't stop helping itself to your cash -- for a canceled gymmembership, say, or a canceled telecom service -- your bank has the power toerect a financial firewall. If a customer rep won't do it, ask for a supervisor.I'm thinking it also should be a law that no recurring political contributionsto a candidate be permitted to continue after election day. The candidate'scampaign should have to make the opt-out process transparent and should berequired to respond in a timely fashion to all inquiries.If you click any of the donation links on Clinton's campaign website,HillaryClinton.com, you'll be automatically transferred to a site run by theDemocratic Party encouraging you to donate money "to help us stand up to Trumpand the GOP."The day before the election, Hendricks received an email from the Clintoncampaign thanking her for her support. It noted that recurring contributionswould be automatically charged to her credit card "for the length of thecampaign."The switcheroo with the websites suggests that Clinton's campaign continues, oneway or another.That may be fine with many donors. But it's not what Hendricks, and probablynumerous others, signed up for.Oh, and she heard from BofA late Thursday that the bank has cut off the HillaryVictory Fund from any further payments and secured a $10 refund for the lastcharge. That's how it's done.--David Lazarus' column runs Tuesdays and Fridays. Send your tips or feedback todavid.lazarus@latimes.com