Vice President-elect Mike Pence stood before a roomful of House Republicans onThursday and asked how many had his cellphone number.Chuckles of laughter rippled through the private meeting in the Capitolbasement."A lot of you do," Pence said, according to those in attendance.The former congressman is proving to be an effective envoy for President-electDonald Trump, and his Capitol Hill visit offered a preview of the crucial rolemany believe the outgoing Indiana governor will play as liaison betweenlawmakers and the Trump White House."He is the secret weapon," said Rep. David Schweikert (R-Ariz.), who was amongthose fiscal conservatives initially reluctant to support the party'spresidential nominee. "There's going to be tough moments, and he's someone youcan pick up the phone and call."Dispatching Pence to Capitol Hill was part of the Trump's team ongoing effort toreverse the narrative of a rocky presidential transition.High-profile visitors, many eyeing top Cabinet posts, moved in and out of TrumpTower in New York, including Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions, Wall Street executiveSteven Mnuchin, former New York Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani and several of Trump'schildren. South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley was thought to have visited, but wasnot observed entering the building by reporters.Also reportedly ready to meet with the president-elect was 2012 GOP presidentialnominee Mitt Romney, who had called Trump a "phony" and a "fraud" during thecampaign. According to numerous media reports, the pair planned to speak overthe weekend.On Thursday evening, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe was having aface-to-face meeting with Trump that raised some eyebrows because it went beyondthe congratulatory phone call that usually occurs between a president-elect anda world leader.Trump advisors downplayed the session as a private, informal meeting and saidthe president-elect was being briefed by advisors about proper diplomaticprotocol during this and other interactions with foreign leaders."We realize there is only one president of the United States," Trump spokesmanJason Miller.During a newly launched daily conference call to update the news media on thetransition, Miller said that by next week the team will have announced a rosterof aides who will begin contacting various federal agencies to discusstransition matters. Delays in making those contacts have caused alarm amongsome."I'm hearing from all these agencies that they're beginning to panic -- thatthey've heard from no one on the transition team," said Sen. Claire McCaskill(D-Mo.). "So I think it's a problem."Miller said the first "landing team" will focus on national security, reachingout to officials from the Pentagon, the State Department and other securityagencies. An economic team is promised by Tuesday and a domestic team byWednesday, Miller said. Officials said the Pentagon team could arrive Friday.The transition team has been battling the perception of disorganization andinfighting, particularly after the departure this week of key advisors.The shake-up purged some of the more respected figures who had been advisingTrump, notably those close to or chosen by the former transition chairman, NewJersey Gov. Chris Christie.It also led to speculation about the oversized influence of Trump's son-in-law,Jared Kushner, whom some blamed for pushing Christie and his allies out. WhenChristie was a U.S. attorney more than a decade ago, he successfully prosecutedKushner's father on tax evasion and other charges.Sending Pence to Capitol Hill served as a reminder of one the reasons Trumpchose the even-tempered conservative for his team."Especially with his experience in the House and Senate, the friends he has, thenew president not having served ... I think it's going to be a different vicepresidential role," said House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Bakersfield).Pence attended the morning huddle of House Republicans and later conferred withSpeaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin. He also met privately with Democratic leadersSen. Charles E. Schumer of New York and Rep. Nancy Pelosi of San Francisco.Pelosi made it clear that House Democrats have "deep concerns" with theappointment of chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon, the Breitbart News chief whohas been accused of making anti-Semitic remarks and giving a platform to whitenationalists. She asked Pence to urge Trump to reconsider the appointment,according to Pelosi's spokesman.In an apparent gesture of support for Bannon, Israel's ambassador to the U.S.,Ron Dermer, told reporters at Trump Tower on Thursday that Israel looks "forwardto working with the Trump administration, with all of the members of the Trumpadministration, including Steve Bannon, and making the U.S.-Israel alliancestronger than ever." He declined to say why he singled out Bannon.Like Republicans on Capitol Hill, Pelosi also seemed to view Pence as a figurein the Trump administration that Democrats could work with more easily."You're going to be a very valued player in all of this because you know theterritory," she told Pence, adding that she meant no "disrespect for thesensitivity and knowledge of the president-elect.""So in that territory, we will try to find our common ground where we can," shesaid. "And, of course, stand our ground when we can't."--lisa.mascaro@latimes.com