Walt Disney Co. Chief Executive Robert Iger has been named to a new policy forumcreated by President-elect Donald Trump.The President's Strategic and Policy Forum includes several businessheavyweights, among them JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Jamie Dimon,General Motors Chief Executive Mary Barra and IBM Chief Executive VirginiaRometty.The nonpartisan, 16-person forum will be chaired by Stephen Schwarzman, thechief executive of private equity firm Blackstone. The group will frequentlymeet with Trump to directly offer its knowledge and perspective to thepresident, according to a news release issued by Trump's transition team Friday."My administration is committed to drawing on private sector expertise andcutting the government red tape that is holding back our businesses from hiring,innovating, and expanding right here in America," Trump said in a statement.The forum's first meeting will be held in February at the White House."The forum provides a nonpartisan approach to key economic policy issues,reflecting an array of individual perspectives from a cross-section ofindustries. I welcome the chance to be part of the important discussions aboutthe most effective ways to grow jobs and expand economic opportunity inAmerica," Iger said in a statement.Iger, a Democrat who supported Hillary Clinton, won't be the only Hollywoodplayer offering counsel to Trump. His incoming administration will includeexecutives with deep ties to the entertainment industry.On Nov. 13, Trump picked Stephen K. Bannon as his chief strategist. Bannonworked in Hollywood in the 1990s, helping to finance films including Sean Penn's"The Indian Runner." Bannon also was previously the executive chairman ofBreitbart News, and both he and that news organization have been vociferouslycriticized by groups such as the Anti-Defamation League for promoting whitenationalism.On Wednesday, Trump selected Hollywood financier and Wall Street executiveSteven Mnuchin to be the next Treasury secretary. Mnuchin spent 17 years atGoldman Sachs before starting a hedge fund that invests in films. He has cutlarge financing deals with 20th Century Fox and Warner Bros., leading to hisexecutive producing credits on movies such as the summer hit "Suicide Squad."Iger was asked how the Trump administration might affect Disney during aconference call with analysts held two days after the Nov. 8 election. "I thinkit's really too early to speculate about what the changes in Washington aregoing to mean for our business or for businesses," he said on the call held todiscuss the company's fiscal fourth-quarter earnings.Iger, however, noted that Disney has encouraged the federal government to lookat tax policy -- and has sought the closing of loopholes and also the loweringof the corporate tax rate. "We are no longer competitive with the rest of theworld in that regard and that must be addressed," he said. "It's possible thatgiven what's going on this week that that's likely to be addressed sooner ratherthan later."--daniel.miller@latimes.com