Gone are the days when federal infrastructure spending was measured in highways,bridges and ports.As President-elect Donald Trump considers a massive new spending plan on publicworks, policy experts, lawmakers and companies are racing to make the case thatinfrastructure could include projects such as fast Internet networks,electric-vehicle charging stations, power transmission lines and drinking watersystems.During a Bloomberg News conference on infrastructure in Washington this month,Mrinalini Ingram, vice president of smart communities at Verizon CommunicationsInc., had her own candidates for infrastructure spending: Verizon networkingtechnology embedded in LED street lights and blue-light kiosks where pedestriansin danger can call police.At the same event, Richard Lukas, director of federal grants and programdevelopment at the Trust for Public Land, was worrying about the fate of federalgrants used to fund a riverside park in Newark, N.J., a three-mile park along anabandoned rail line in Chicago, and a trail and bike system in Cleveland.Washington Mayor Muriel E. Bowser, a Democrat, had her own suggestion: "I wouldlike us to think about affordable housing as part of our criticalinfrastructure."The varied proposals highlight a chief challenge in drawing up any plan: Oneperson's crucial infrastructure is another person's bridge to nowhere."Infrastructure doesn't just mean roads and bridges. Infrastructure means a lotof different things to a lot of different people," said Jason Grumet, presidentof the Bipartisan Policy Center. "We have to be confident that we're investingin things with common benefits, not like digging holes. The outcomes have to beconsistent with our national priorities."How that will be decided is anyone's guess. Trump hasn't said how he willstimulate infrastructure spending or how much will be public vs. privatefunding.Two of his advisors, private-equity investor Wilbur Ross and UC Irvine businessprofessor Peter Navarro, have floated the idea that a federal tax credit couldcover 82% of the private equity needed for big projects. They say that ratherthan setting national priorities, the Trump administration should use the taxcredit to let the private market decide which projects to undertake."It would link increases in spending to reforms that streamline permitting andapprovals, improve the project delivery system, and cut wasteful spending onboondoggle bridges and highways to nowhere," they said in an Oct. 27 paper.Ross and Navarro did not describe any limits on who would qualify for the taxcredit, but they estimate that the federal government will hand out $137 billionworth of credits.There is no shortage of volunteers.IBM Corp. Chief Executive Ginni Rometty recently wrote to Trump with her ideasfor infrastructure. "As we build big, let's also build smart," she wrote. "Thecountry should focus on infrastructure investments that incorporate Internet ofThings (IoT) technology and artificial intelligence to improve performance."And as infrastructure gets smarter, it also increases the need forcybersecurity, so that vital networks cannot be compromised. We recommend thatyour infrastructure package include incentives for states and localities tobuild intelligent -- and secure -- roads, bridges, buildings and other publicfacilities."Many of the companies arguing for infrastructure are hawking their own products.IBM provides equipment and services for the Internet of Things just as Verizonprovides LED networking technology, part of a company called Sensity thatVerizon bought in September.Other companies and workers imagine other things when they hear the word"infrastructure."The American Society of Civil Engineers gave the United States a D-plus in its2013 report card on infrastructure. It considered a wide variety ofinfrastructure areas, including energy, schools, parks, rail, bridges, solidwaste facilities, dams, aviation, ports and drinking water.Although Trump has said he will curtail U.S. spending on climate change, thecivil engineers group supports projects, such as flood control systems, thatwould promote resilience to changing conditions.For now, oil pipelines seem higher on Trump's priority list. "It's a hugeopportunity," said American Petroleum Institute President Jack Gerard, "thatdoesn't cost taxpayers money.""We're going to build some more pipelines that make sense, that are done with aworkforce that is the most highly trained, safest in world, with 20th centurytechnologies, and get some of those dangerous rail cars and trucks off theroad," said Sean McGarvey, president of North America's Building Trades Unions,half of whose members spend part of each year working on energy projects.In addition, McGarvey said, workers could "refurbish the existing pipelinesystem."Trump is also likely to pursue plans to bolster fossil fuels such as coal. Bycontrast, the Obama administration had viewed renewable projects asinfrastructure projects. In July, the White House announced $4.5 billion in loanguarantees for electric-vehicle charging stations. During her presidentialcampaign, Hillary Clinton said that the installation of more solar panels wouldfall under infrastructure spending.Many state and city officials still have lists with traditional needs.Oklahoma City Mayor Mick Cornett, a Republican who is also president of the U.S.Conference of Mayors, favors things such as fixing aging water projects andleaking pipes "that won't get loans" and where attracting private money is "notrealistic." Schools also fall into that category. And Oklahoma City, recognizingthat the quality of life affects its residents' health, has redesigned streetsto make them more pedestrian and bike friendly."I don't have much of an affordable housing issue," Cornett said regardingWashington Mayor Bowser's comment. "Our market rate in Oklahoma City isaffordable housing in Washington, D.C."Cornett, who has requested a meeting between Trump and the mayors, argued thatold infrastructure could be used in new ways and require new investments. Oneexample, he said: "The advent of the autonomous vehicle is probably going tohave more to do with change in the built environment and infrastructure thananything we've encountered in our lifetimes."