Donald Trump's pick of retired Marine Gen. James N. Mattis as secretary ofDefense has started a debate in Congress over civilian control of the militarythat will shadow his confirmation.Mattis retired from the Marines in 2013, and federal law bars anyone who servedin uniform in the previous seven years from heading the Pentagon.Congress would need to pass another law to grant Mattis a waiver -- the firstsince Congress agreed to let retired Army Gen. George C. Marshall becomesecretary of Defense in 1950.That law specifically warned against approving another recently retired militaryofficer as a future Pentagon chief.Republican leaders in Congress -- including Sen. John McCain of Arizona, whoheads the Senate Armed Services Committee, and Rep. Mac Thornberry of Texas, whoheads the House Armed Services Committee -- have indicated a willingness togrant Mattis the waiver.But Democrats may not be so willing. At least one already has announced heropposition while others expressed concerns."While I deeply respect Gen. Mattis' service, I will oppose a waiver," said Sen.Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.), ranking member on the Senate Armed Servicessubcommittee on personnel."Civilian control of our military is a fundamental principle of Americandemocracy, and I will not vote for an exception to this rule," she said in astatement.Gillibrand said she would request a 60-vote threshold in the Senate to grant thewaiver rather than a simple majority. Mattis thus may need at least eightDemocrats, presuming a 52-seat GOP majority next year with no defections overthe waiver. Getting eight Democrats isn't insurmountable, but Mattis'confirmation could become a partisan-tinged battle if Democrats dig in againsthim.Trump's choice raises "serious questions about fundamental principles of ourConstitutional order," said Rep. Adam Smith (D-Wash.), ranking member of theHouse Armed Services Committee."Civilian control of the military is not something to be casually cast aside,"he said. "So while I like and respect Gen. Mattis a great deal, the House ofRepresentatives would have to perform a full review, including hearings by theArmed Services Committee, if it were to consider overriding the statutoryprohibition on recent military officers serving as the secretary of Defense."Congress should "bear in mind the precedent we would be setting and the impactit would have on the principle of civilian leadership of our nation's military,"said Rep. Adam B. Schiff (D-Burbank), ranking member of the House IntelligenceCommittee.The 1947 federal law that created the Defense Department said military officersweren't allowed to head it within 10 years after their service ended. The banwas reduced to seven years in 2008.While 18 of the 25 men confirmed as secretaries of Defense since 1947 hadpreviously served in the military, only Marshall had retired recently enoughthat he needed a waiver.But Marshall's case was unique in many ways.He agreed to accept the Pentagon post for just a year to help plan for theKorean War, which had just begun. He had already served as secretary of Statefor two years, and the rebuilding of Europe under the Marshall Plan ultimatelywould win him a Nobel Prize.Moreover, except for a short staff assignment in France during World War I,Marshall was a headquarters general.Mattis, who served four decades in the Marines, was more of a front-lineofficer. He served combat tours in Iraq and Afghanistan.Military officers traditionally stay outside the political fray because they donot want their military advice to be viewed as politically motivated.Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr., chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, made sure heand his staff avoided articulating any opinion in public during the presidentialcampaign.Mattis has been outspoken since retiring and has criticized some Obamaadministration policies, particularly on Iran.Despite the concerns, Congress is expected to approve the waiver for Mattis andthe Senate is then likely to confirm his nomination."I look forward to moving forward with the confirmation process as soon aspossible in the new Congress," McCain said in a statement. "America will befortunate to have General Mattis in its service once again."Thornberry called Mattis "an excellent selection" and pledged to "work with ...colleagues in the coming days to clear the way for his confirmation by theSenate."--william.hennigan@latimes.com