When Hillary Clinton lost her White House bid, it was a jagged exclamation markpunctuating several painful years for Democrats.Come January, the party will have at least 11 fewer U.S. senators, 63 fewerHouse seats and perhaps a dozen fewer governors than in 2009, during PresidentObama's first year in office. Nationally, there will be about 900 fewerDemocratic state lawmakers.By some benchmarks -- the control of state capitols, for instance -- theDemocratic Party is in worse shape than it has been in more than a century.But Democrats, after several periods of exile from the White House, are nostrangers to the political wilderness -- or fractious infighting over how tofind their way back.The most immediate battle is for leadership of the Democratic NationalCommittee. The contest will pit Washington insiders against Beltway outsiders,liberal backers of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders against more centrist Clintonholdovers, and advocates of a full-time chairman versus those who feel it isfine to hold another job as well -- serving in Congress, for instance.Several contestants have emerged, including Howard Dean, the former Vermontgovernor who ran the national party in the run-up to Obama's 2008 election, andRep. Keith Ellison of Minnesota, a favorite of Sanders and the incoming SenateDemocratic leader, Charles E. Schumer of New York.The vote will take place sometime after President-elect Donald Trump'sinauguration Jan. 20.The broader fight grows out of Clinton's stunning defeat. (Few will very loudlycriticize Obama for having failed to strengthen the party or lay down a firmerfoundation.)Instead of expanding the political map against Trump into the GOP-leaningreaches of Arizona and Georgia, Democrats are reckoning with the loss ofMichigan and Pennsylvania, states they won in the last six elections, andWisconsin, which had not voted for a Republican for president since 1984."How does the party come back? That's the million-dollar question," said JillHanauer, a longtime Democratic strategist who has focused on expanding the Obamacoalition of minorities and young voters into swing and red-leaning states. "Ifanyone thinks they can answer that today, don't listen. It's just begun."The last time the party faced such deep existential angst, after three straightlosing presidential campaigns, Democrats shifted their philosophical course andmoved closer to the middle, nudged by a fresh-faced Arkansas governor named BillClinton.Paul Begala, who helped Clinton win the White House in 1992 and worked this yearfor a political action committee backing his wife for president, acknowledged itwas time for a new set of Democratic leaders to emerge.That said, he suggested the party's message should be a throwback to the onethat helped elect Bill Clinton in a time of voter frustration: "It's still theeconomy, stupid," Begala said."If Democrats can't speak to the pain of poor people and working-class people"-- whether in Appalachia or the inner cities -- "then we don't deserve to be aparty," Begala said.Few in the party would disagree. But every campaign requires an allocation oflimited time and money, and much of the unfolding debate will focus on whereDemocrats need to devote their energy and resources: winning back disaffectedvoters, especially white members of the working class, or coaxing new ones --blacks, Latinos and millennials -- to the polls.In Missouri, Democrat Jason Kander came within 3 points of unseating RepublicanU.S. Sen. Roy Blunt in a state Trump carried by 19%. He did so by performingwell in party strongholds like Kansas City and St. Louis but also, Kander said,by campaigning hard in rural areas."If a voter thinks you're not focused on them, you're not going to get theirvote," he said.But Cornell Belcher, a Democratic pollster who specializes in African Americanvoters, warned against focusing too much on the proverbial angry white male whohelped deliver Trump's upset victory."It's hard for me, making a cold calculation, to understand why we spend evenmore money and even more effort going after an increasingly resistant, shrinkingmarketplace," Belcher said. "If we expand the electorate, we have a majority.That's where the future is."Obama, in a news conference Sunday night after wrapping up an internationalsummit in Peru, waded into the debate."Doing better involves us working at the grass roots, not ceding territory,going out into areas where right now we may not stand a chance of winning," hesaid. "A strategy that is just micro-targeting particular, discrete groups in aDemocratic coalition sometimes will win you elections, but it's not going to winyou the broad mandate you need," he said.Beyond the ideological argument, Democrats are also talking about process. Afterpast setbacks, the party overhauled its presidential nominating system andchanged the political calendar, ideas being floated once more.Supporters of Sanders and former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley, who ran againstClinton in the primaries, are still furious at the favoritism shown by theDemocratic National Committee and insist on reducing the influence ofsuperdelegates -- elected leaders and others who hold significant sway inchoosing the nominee."There is no doubt the Democratic Party would have been stronger in 2016 if wehad a field of seven to 10 strong candidates -- senators, governors, mayors --who were actively debating the future of our country," said Lis Smith, whohelped manage O'Malley's campaign. "We need to open up the whole party, not makethis a cabal of insiders who are nostalgic for names from the past."Reformers also want more open primaries, allowing independents and others tovote for the Democratic nominee, the way they can in November.The idea, advocates say, is to better test the party's eventual nominee."We need to replicate the battlefield of the general election as closely aspossible and nominate candidates who demonstrate they can win in such anenvironment," said Tad Devine, a senior campaign advisor to Sanders, who beatClinton in Michigan and Wisconsin.In the past, tinkering with the nominating process hasn't always produced thehoped-for outcome.In 1972, an effort to give voters greater say resulted in the nomination ofGeorge McGovern, who was buried in President Nixon's reelection landslide.After another Republican rout in 1984, when President Reagan carried 49 states,Democrats sought to give party centrists greater influence by creating "SuperTuesday," a day of balloting heavily concentrated in conservative-leaningSouthern states. Despite that, the party ended up with Michael Dukakis, anortheastern liberal, as their nominee.As for who runs for president in 2020, there are plenty of prospects but nonerises to immediate advantage.Four years before winning the White House, Obama was a state senator from theSouth Side of Chicago who gained notice for delivering an uplifting speech atthe Democrats' 2004 convention. He ran in 2008 as a long shot against the heavyfavorite, then-New York Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton.So the next president, if a Democrat, could well be someone few today canimagine; even on election day, some of those working hardest for Trump neverthought he could pull it off.--mark.barabak@latimes.com