When she was first picked to vote in the electoral college, Francine Busby wasbeyond excited. The San Diego Democratic Party chairwoman believed she was goingto be marking an official ballot to choose the first female president of theUnited States.Now, though, given Republican Donald Trump's upset victory over Hillary Clintonfor the presidency, California's electoral college meeting is going to be muchdifferent than she expected."There's no joy in casting a vote right now," Busby said.Trump won more electoral votes than Clinton, which, despite her current 2million-plus lead in the national popular vote, will give him the presidency.California is the most populous state in the union, and its 55 electoral votesare the most in the country.Clinton received millions more votes than Trump here, so Busby and her 54Democratic colleagues will meet in the state Capitol building at 2 p.m. on Dec.19 to cast their formal ballots for Clinton and vice presidential nominee TimKaine.They will be alone. The winner of California's popular vote gets the state'sentire slate of electoral votes; only Democratic electors will gather to makethe state's selection of Clinton official.As efforts heat up to get electors in swing states to select Clinton instead ofTrump, California electors are unlikely to be lobbied."Under California law, electors aren't bound to a candidate, but all ourelectors have said they are voting for Hillary Clinton," state Democratic Partyspokesman Michael Soller said.Not all the Democratic electors are party officials like Busby. Each politicalparty in California chooses its electors differently.Democrats give the party's top finisher in the congressional primary in each ofthe state's 53 House districts the choice of who will be that district'selector.So Douglas Applegate, who trails GOP Rep. Darrell Issa in a still-tightcongressional race in north San Diego County, selected Busby.U.S. Sen.-elect Kamala Harris and Sen. Dianne Feinstein chose the final twoelectors.The Democrats' list is made up of elected officials, relatives of electedofficials and other party advocates.Among the electors are Janine Bera, the wife of Rep. Ami Bera of Elk Grove;Christine Pelosi, the daughter of House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi andchairwoman of the state party's women's caucus; Eileen Feinstein Mariano,granddaughter of Sen. Dianne Feinstein; and Olivia Reyes-Becerra, daughter ofRep. Xavier Becerra of Los Angeles.State Assemblywomen Susan Eggman of Stockton and Shirley Weber of San Diego,former state Sen. Christine Kehoe of San Diego, Los Angeles City CouncilwomanNury Martinez and Laphonza Butler, president of the Service EmployeesInternational Union chapter that represents home care employees, also are on thelist.Though the state's other political parties are left out of the electoralcollege, they came up with rosters of their own. The state GOP automaticallyselects previous party nominees for state offices with the rest of the choicesmade by the party's chairman.Current state Republican Party Chairman Jim Brulte said he called Tim Clark, wholed Trump's campaign in California, to ask him to fill out the list. Well-knownnames are on that party's slate, too, including state Sens. Joel Anderson of SanDiego and Jean Fuller of Bakersfield, former Rep. Doug Ose of Elk Grove, stateBoard of Equalization member Diane Harkey and Republican National CommitteemanShawn Steel.Harmeet Dhillon, a state party official who delivered a Sikh prayer at theRepublican National Convention, also was an elector.Brulte, who is a GOP elector himself, said he didn't mind working to pick anelectoral college slate even though the party's list doesn't matter."I would have much rather had Donald Trump be elected president and me not getto vote in the electoral college than me getting to vote in electoral collegeand Hillary Clinton be elected president," Brulte said.Third parties have their own rules. The list for the American Independent Partyin California, which also nominated Trump for president, includes former GOPReps. Virgil Goode, Bob Dornan and John LeBoutillier -- all of whom don't livein California.--liam.dillon@latimes.com