THE HOUSE AND SENATE: There were no roll calls in the House or Senate last week.A big topic of discussion last week in the Bay State, and across the nation, waswhether the president of the United States should be elected by popular vote orthrough the current Electoral College system. Last week, U.S. Rep. CharlieRangel, D-N.Y., and U.S. Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif., proposed constitutionalamendments in Congress that would abolish the Electoral College.The president and vice president are not actually elected directly by thevoters, but rather by "electors" who are elected by popular vote from eachstate. There are 538 electors, with each state assigned electoral votes equal tothe number of its members of Congress. The 538 electors correspond to the 435representatives and 100 senators, plus three electors for the District ofColumbia. Electors are chosen by political parties and pledge to vote for thewinner of the state's popular vote. The candidate who wins 270 or more electoralvotes wins the presidency.Current results from this year give Donald Trump 290 electoral votes and HillaryClinton 232. Michigan has not yet completed its tally, so it is not certainwhere those 16 electoral votes will go. In the popular vote, although officialresults have not been announced, Clinton appears to be ahead of Trump byanywhere from 1.5 million to 2.5 million votes.One key roadblock to abolishing the Electoral College is that it would require aconstitutional amendment, proposed either by two-thirds of each house ofCongress or by a constitutional convention that would be called if 34 statesrequest it. In both cases, the proposed amendment would then have to be ratifiedby 38 states to become part of the Constitution. Both avenues are difficult, atbest.Along comes Fair Vote, a group with the goal of electing the president bypopular vote without abolishing the Electoral College but rather by creation ofan unusual pact between the states.The Bay State in 2010 joined this pact, called the "Agreement among the Statesto Elect the President by National Popular Vote." It would require states thatjoin the pact to cast all of their electoral votes for the presidentialcandidate who wins a majority of the national popular vote in all 50 states andthe District of Columbia. The pact would become effective when statesrepresenting at least 270 electoral votes -- a majority of the 538-voteElectoral College -- join the pact. It is an attempted end-run around theConstitution.The House (114-35) and Senate (28-9) approved the measure in July 2010 and itwas signed into law in August 2010 by former Gov. Deval Patrick.Every four years, there is talk nationally about abolishing the ElectoralCollege and electing the president based on a national popular vote. The talkintensifies each time a candidate who wins the popular vote loses the election.This has occurred five times -- the most two recent being this year and in 2000,when Al Gore won 543,895 more popular votes than George W. Bush but was beatenby Bush in the Electoral College by a razor thin 271-266 margin. It was therecount in Florida, in which Bush beat Gore by 537 votes, that decided the race.The three other races in which this occurred were in 1824, 1876 and 1888.Supporters of the pact say the law will pass constitutional muster because theU.S. Constitution gives the states exclusive and complete power to determine howto allocate their electoral votes. Opponents argue that the Compact Clause ofthe Constitution requires congressional approval of the pact before it couldtake effect. The pact would likely be challenged in the courts if and when ithas enough states to guarantee 270 electoral votes to the winner of the popularvote.According to Fair Vote's website, the pact has been signed into law in theDistrict of Columbia and 10 states possessing 165 electoral votes -- 61 percentof the 270 electoral votes needed to activate the legislation. States includeCalifornia, Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York.Rhode Island, Washington and Vermont. The approval of additional states with atotal of 105 more electoral votes is needed before the measure goes into effect.Supporters say the Electoral College is an antiquated system that is inherentlyundemocratic and gives voters in states with large numbers of electoral votesmore voting power than those in other states. They argue the system was designedby the framers because they did not trust the common citizen to vote correctlyand wanted a fail-safe method to overturn the voters. They note thatpresidential candidates now concentrate on and campaign in a handful of swingstates while ignoring most of the states that are already solidly Democratic orRepublican.State Rep. David Linsky, D-Natick, supports the law because he believes everyvote in every state should be equal."The principle is simple: the vote of every person should count the same," hesaid. "By eliminating the arcane Electoral College system, we can achieve a morefair and functioning democracy."Some opponents say that the Electoral College is a good system that has workedwell and should not be changed. They argue it gives voters in smaller statespower that they would not have if the president was elected strictly by apopular vote system in which candidates would concentrate on states with largerpopulations.Some argue that electing the president by popular vote would give wealthy andfringe candidates a chance at success by focusing their efforts in a few majorurban centers. Others said that the switch to a popular vote is a very seriousissue that needs more study. Others argue that the Constitution provides noguidance on the ground rules for a convention which could cause all kinds ofproblems. They also say that a convention would not necessarily be limited tothe Electoral College amendment and note that many amendments on several othertopics could be considered."I voted against the National Popular Vote compact in 2010 because it representsan end-run around the Constitution," said state Rep. Brad Jones, R-NorthReading. "The Electoral College was created to ensure that presidentialcandidates have true, broad-based, national appeal among voters of varioussocioeconomic backgrounds, living in both urban and rural areas. Under thecompact, the 11 most populous states could single-handedly decide the outcome ofa national election, depriving smaller states of a role in the process."Stay tuned.ELECT PRESIDENT BY POPULAR VOTEHere is how local senators and representatives voted in 2010 on whetherMassachusetts should join the Agreement among the States to Elect the Presidentby National Popular Vote.The pact was approved by the House 114-35 and the Senate 28-9. It was signedinto law by former Gov. Deval Patrick.(A "Yes" vote is for joining. A "No" vote is against joining.)YES: Reps. Jennifer Benson, D-Lunenburg; Anne Gobi, D-Spencer; Harold Naughton,D-Clinton; Dennis Rosa, D-Leominster; and Sen. James Eldridge, D-ActonDIDN'T VOTE: Sen. Jennifer Flanagan, D-LeominsterWAS NOT YET ELECTED: Reps. Kimberly Ferguson, D-Holden; Sheila Harrington,D-Groton; and Stephan Hay, D-Fitchburg; and Jonathan Zlotnik, D-GardnerHOW LONG WAS LAST WEEK'S SESSION? During the week of Nov. 21-25, the House metfor a total of 32 minutes while the Senate met for a total of 34 minutes.Bob Katzen welcomes feedback at bob@beaconhillrollcall.com © 2016 Beacon HillRoll Call. All Rights Reserved.