A Mandeville-based advertising agency played a key role in the election ofpresident-elect Donald Trump, producing dozens of ads for his unconventionalcampaign.Innovative Advertising LLC first got involved in the campaign through itsmanaging partner Jay Connaughton, who previously worked with Kellyanne Conway,Trump's campaign manager.Connaughton has been involved in campaigns since he was 14 years old, and thecompany has been running political ads nationwide for 17 years, he said.Campaigns have included U.S. Senate races, gubernatorial and congressionalraces.In December of last year, Connaughton and Conway were in Baton Rouge conductingmarket research around education reform. At that time, she asked if he wasinterested in doing work with a presidential campaign. They would later solidifythe arrangement at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland.Two weeks later, Connaughton was in New York at Trump Tower pitching advertisingideas to Trump's top advisers, which included his children and son-in-law.After getting through five of his 30 slides of the presentation, he was hiredand hit the ground running on the campaign the next day. After being hired rightafter Labor Day, Connaughton would not come home to Mandeville for another fourweeks.He spent most of the time on the campaign trail making TV ads and interviewingthose attending Trump rallies."Winning a presidential race in our business is like winning the Super Bowl,"Connaughton said. "To be one of the hands on the steering wheel is a big deal. "He and his team produced roughly 30 national ads, including one called"Listening," and another titled "United. "Not only did Connaughton create ads but he also provided ad strategy andmessaging insight to the campaign. In August, he voiced the importance to Conwayfor Trump to visit South Louisiana after the devastating floods."We went back and forth about it for about 24 hours and finally I got a textmessage at about 4 p.m.," he said. "She said, 'We're coming. Can you puttogether the visit?'" Conway asked Connaughton.Trump's private plane touched down in Baton Rouge the next morning. Trumpvisited the ravaged area and Innovative Advertising was present to document thetrip. The company also followed Trump's visit to Flint, Michigan, which has madenational headlines for its clean drinking water crisis.Moving forward, Connaughton and his team at Innovative Advertising, which alsohas an office in Nashville, will continue to work closely with legislativeissues of importance to a Trump presidency."Trump talks about draining the swamp. It's not going to be easy to do. We aregoing to need the American people to stand up and stand next to him as he goesthrough with these battles," he said. "There are a lot of discussions and plansbeing put in place about how we mobilize voters to call their elected officialsand let them know what they think. "To sign up for free CityBusiness Daily Updates, click here.http://www.neworleanscitybusiness.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for morefrom this resource.Copyright © 2016 BridgeTower Media. All Rights Reserved.