Democrats are afraid, and not just of President-elect Donald Trump.After years spent preparing for a Clinton presidency under the illusion thatculture war politics conquered all, they now fear that Republicans - who control32 state legislatures and counting - will act as if their only opposition clingsto a strip of coastline along the Atlantic and the Pacific. But in the GoldenState, where Democrats reign supreme, a parallel universe is setting in. Ratherthan moderating their rule to encourage Republicans nationwide to seek commonground, California Democrats want to make their state more of a leftist utopiathan ever.This is a mistake. California provides Democrats with a badly needed safe spaceto show they can govern without being captive to the culturally revolutionaryvanguard that has pushed so many voters into the arms of Trump's GOP.If Democrats want to make a credible case that Republicans should exercisemagnanimity and restraint over the next four years as they set a national policyagenda, they should refocus on a broadly appealing agenda that pays heed toCalifornia's dwindling middle class and its pinched working class. Theold-fashioned circumspection of Gov. Jerry Brown should be more of a model goingforward than the cutting-edge, aggressive progressivism of Gavin Newsom orKamala Harris.Certainly, California is already one of the most socially liberal states in theunion. But, as its many libertarians can attest, the accommodating andpermissive spirit that has worked best for California has largely been anorganic one, rising up from residents' progressively shifting habits and mores.Meanwhile, enforced, top-down "liberalism" has mostly sown intractable conflict,squandering valuable time and energy on matters that hardly bear on the basichallmarks of successful governance: a robust economy, judicious lawmaking and asociety with a healthy, stable middle tier of producers, consumers andneighbors. Democrats should have anticipated the disappointments of a rainbowcoalition built around an identity politics of grievance, even if, inCalifornia's parallel universe, rose-colored glasses made it difficult.But recent news reports have revealed that one leading Democrat did push for adifferent approach - Bill Clinton, the man responsible for his party's returnfrom narrow margins in national politics after three consecutive Republicanadministrations. Clinton "repeatedly pushed his wife's campaign to do moreoutreach to economically distressed white communities by prioritizing herpopulist economic message," as Vanity Fair has noted. "But her advisors refused,believing that Hillary would do better by appealing to minorities andcollege-educated suburban voters."He begged in vain for his wife to accept an invitation to address a St.Patrick's Day event at the University of Notre Dame. "But Mrs. Clinton'scampaign refused, explaining to the organizers that white Catholics were not theaudience she needed to spend time reaching out to," the New York Times recentlyreported.White, working-class voters who broke for Obama flipped to Trump and the GOPacross the Rust Belt, deciding the election.Democrats who want to regain the trust of those Obama voters have much work todo in the Midwest states that turned against them this year. But the real proofof a party-wide rethink will have to come from the deepest blue states, and noblue state is more Democratic than California.Gov. Brown has hardly governed as a bloodless centrist, but he has consistentlycurbed some of his party's least productive adventures in utopianism andidentity politics. Although California's rising generation of leading Democratsoften seem to think of an archliberal agenda as not just their prerogative, butrather their destiny, if they fail to reckon with the wisdom of an earlierpolitical age, soon they'll really have something to worry about.