Donald Trump's presidential campaign was based on the notion that he could "MakeAmerica Great Again." But beyond the rhetoric - sometimes lurching intodemagoguery - the newly elected president comes to office, as one commentatorsuggests, "the least policy-savvy president in history."To succeed, Trump must adopt innovative policies that transcend traditionalright-left divides. He needs to find ways to help his heavily white,working-class base while expanding his appeal to minorities, millennials andeducated people who are now largely horrified by his ascendency.In the short run, his biggest problem may lie with his own Republican Partyestablishment, which, rather than "drain the swamp," would simply like to createone of its own. The looming presence of corporate lobbyists, swarming around theadministration like hungry flies, is not encouraging at all, nor are GOPcongressional plans to re-establish "earmarks."The key lies not in empowering a different set of K Street parasites, but ratherin reversing income stagnation. If he cannot, his triumph may prove to be nomore consequential than an absurdist, Latin American-style telenovela.A flatter, fairer taxThe basic instinct among many Republicans tends toward reducing taxes on theirrichest donors and making life easier for the ultrarich, including some onTrump's economic team. Trump's imperative should, instead, be to make the taxsystem fairer for the middle and working classes. One way would be to make agraduated flat tax that would mean that the rich, who make most of their moneyfrom investments, pay the same rate for capital gains as the rest of us do forincome.Democrats will, no doubt, still charge Trump with being "unfair," but, as RonaldReagan proved 20 years ago, Americans support incentives for work if they don'tunfairly tilt conditions to the ultrarich. Main Street business owners, the mosthostile constituency to the Obama administration's policies, pay taxes based ontheir income and can't manipulate the system like Apple, Google, Wall Streetersor, for that matter, real estate developers like Trump himself.A middle ground for immigrationOpposition to illegal immigration helped drive the Trump campaign early on, but,outside of the GOP base, there is little support for a mass roundup of theundocumented. The vast majority of Americans, over 70 percent, also oppose "openborders." After all, even President Obama evicted 2 million people during histwo terms in office.Trump also can begin reordering our immigration policies toward skilled workerswho are interested in becoming citizens. At the same time, Trump could scorepoints by undermining the H1-B visa program, which allows Silicon Valley firms,along with corporations like Disney and Southern California Edison, to lay offAmerican workers and replace them with temporary indentured servants.Unleash the energy industryMuch of the growth in America during the first six years of the Obamaadministration came from energy, which added 500,000 jobs between 2004 and 2014,much of them concentrated in the Trumpian heartland of the upper Midwest,Appalachia and the Texas-Oklahoma-Louisiana "oil patch." Now, under pressurefrom low prices, Trump may consider ways to encourage our domestic producers.Since he is not a free trade ideologue, Trump could position his policy as oneway to keep from being dependent on lunatic Middle Eastern states - or even hisgood friend Vladimir Putin. The energy industry and manufacturing, unlike hightech, employ large numbers of not only of white, working-class people, but alsoLatinos and African Americans, and generally at high wages.LocalismThis election proved how deeply divided Americans are, both by class andgeography. The fearful reaction on the Left to Trump's election reveals howdependent our politics have become on the "imperial presidency." One way todefuse the worry would be to cede more control from Washington to thelocalities.We should let the leaders of the "Left Coast," if they so wish, wear greenenergy hair shirts, legalize marijuana, boost the minimum wage dramatically,suppress suburban housing and dictate transgender bathrooms. If the middle ofthe country does not want to follow suit, that's just fine, as long as theyprotect basic human rights. A country as diverse and divided cannot beeffectively ruled by a central government that goes increasingly into areas thatwere once largely controlled locally.InfrastructureTo succeed, Trump must look as much to the model of Franklin D. Roosevelt asRonald Reagan. A large basic infrastructure plan - long the purview of thefederal government - would employ many blue-collar workers, including manyminorities. This stimulus should be directed to those areas and industries moreopen to his administration, such as trucking, warehousing, energy and basicmanufacturing. Much of the work should be in the areas that backed Trump - theSouth, where growth is strongest, and also in the Midwest and Great Plains,where much of the basic road, bridge and energy infrastructure is outdated.Ultimately, Trump's success depends on securing the economic interests of hiscore supporters. To expand his coalition, he needs show how his program helpsnot just his core base but also broader parts of the population who likewisehave felt short-changed in this economy, and deserve a better future.Joel Kotkin is the R.C. Hobbs Presidential Fellow in Urban Futures at ChapmanUniversity in Orange and executive director of the Houston-based Center forOpportunity Urbanism (www.opportunityurbanism.org).to be no more consequential than an absurdist, Latin American-style telenovela.A flatter, fairer taxThe basic instinct among many Republicans tends toward reducing taxes on theirrichest donors and making life easier for the ultrarich, including some onTrump's economic team. Trump's imperative should, instead, be to make the taxsystem fairer for the middle and working classes. One way would be to make agraduated flat tax that would mean that the rich, who make most of their moneyfrom investments, pay the same rate for capital gains as the rest of us do forincome.Democrats will, no doubt, still charge Trump with being "unfair," but, as RonaldReagan proved 20 years ago, Americans support incentives for work if they don'tunfairly tilt conditions to the ultrarich. Main Street business owners, the mosthostile constituency to the Obama administration's policies, pay taxes based ontheir income and can't manipulate the system like Apple, Google, Wall Streetersor, for that matter, real estate developers like Trump himself.A middle ground for immigrationOpposition to illegal immigration helped drive the Trump campaign early on, but,outside of the GOP base, there is little support for a mass roundup of theundocumented. The vast majority of Americans, over 70 percent, also oppose "openborders." After all, even President Obama evicted 2 million people during histwo terms in office.Trump also can begin reordering our immigration policies toward skilled workerswho are interested in becoming citizens. At the same time, Trump could scorepoints by undermining the H1-B visa program, which allows Silicon Valley firms,along with corporations like Disney and Southern California Edison, to lay offAmerican workers and replace them with temporary indentured servants.Unleash the energy industryMuch of the growth in America during the first six years of the Obamaadministration came from energy, which added 500,000 jobs between 2004 and 2014,much of them concentrated in the Trumpian heartland of the upper Midwest,Appalachia and the Texas-Oklahoma-Louisiana "oil patch." Now, under pressurefrom low prices, Trump may consider ways to encourage our domestic producers.Since he is not a free trade ideologue, Trump could position his policy as oneway to keep from being dependent on lunatic Middle Eastern states - or even hisgood friend Vladimir Putin. The energy industry and manufacturing, unlike hightech, employ large numbers of not only of white, working-class people, but alsoLatinos and African Americans, and generally at high wages.LocalismThis election proved how deeply divided Americans are, both by class andgeography. The fearful reaction on the Left to Trump's election reveals howdependent our politics have become on the "imperial presidency." One way todefuse the worry would be to cede more control from Washington to thelocalities.We should let the leaders of the "Left Coast," if they so wish, wear greenenergy hair shirts, legalize marijuana, boost the minimum wage dramatically,suppress suburban housing and dictate transgender bathrooms. If the middle ofthe country does not want to follow suit, that's just fine, as long as theyprotect basic human rights. A country as diverse and divided cannot beeffectively ruled by a central government that goes increasingly into areas thatwere once largely controlled locally.InfrastructureTo succeed, Trump must look as much to the model of Franklin D. Roosevelt asRonald Reagan. A large basic infrastructure plan - long the purview of thefederal government - would employ many blue-collar workers, including manyminorities. This stimulus should be directed to those areas and industries moreopen to his administration, such as trucking, warehousing, energy and basicmanufacturing. Much of the work should be in the areas that backed Trump - theSouth, where growth is strongest, and also in the Midwest and Great Plains,where much of the basic road, bridge and energy infrastructure is outdated.Ultimately, Trump's success depends on securing the economic interests of hiscore supporters. To expand his coalition, he needs show how his program helpsnot just his core base but also broader parts of the population who likewisehave felt short-changed in this economy, and deserve a better future.Joel Kotkin is the R.C. Hobbs Presidential Fellow in Urban Futures at ChapmanUniversity in Orange and executive director of the Houston-based Center forOpportunity Urbanism (www.opportunityurbanism.org).