Now that Election Tuesday is over, retailers are counting on Americans turningtheir attention to Black Friday.The National Retail Federation projects that about 137.4 million consumers willmake purchases in stores or online over the four-day weekend that started onThanksgiving, marking the kickoff to the holiday shopping season. The amountAmericans have spent has declined in the last three years, slipping 26 percentfrom 2013 to an average of $299.60 per person last year, according to the tradegroup.By most accounts, this holiday season is expected be a boon for retailers.Unemployment, gasoline prices and inflation are low, while wages, home valuesand the stock market continue to rise. Shoppers have the wherewithal to spend,and now retailers are hoping the holiday season will give them a reason to.Companies such as Kohl's Corp., Gap Inc. and Barnes & Noble Inc. have said theU.S. presidential election was a major cause of consumers' recent reluctance toopen their wallets. With the outcome settled, they're expecting the dollars tofinally flow."We've had some, we believe, pent-up demand -- just based on the economics ofour consumer," J.C. Penney Co. Chief Executive Officer Marvin Ellison said in aninterview this month. "We're anticipating we'll see pent-up demand released, andit being post-election will only help that."U.S. retail spending is expected to rise 3.6 percent to $655.8 billion inNovember and December, the Washington-based NRF estimates. Retailers are poisedto take full advantage of the Thanksgiving holiday period, now known by some asBlack Week, which accounts for about 15 percent of holiday spending, accordingto the trade group.J.C. Penney opened its doors at 3 p.m. on Thursday to reach shoppers before theytuck into their Thanksgiving feasts. EBay Inc. is trying to push the sellingevenearlier: It rebranded the day before Thanksgiving as Mobile Wednesday, usingdiscounts to target traveling Americans. The sales will stretch through theweekend, with online and brick-and-mortar companies offering deals for CyberMonday.Investors are confident that the retail industry will see strong sales. TheStandard & Poor's 500 Retail Index has risen 4.9 percent so far in November andis on pace for its best monthly return since July. Retail stocks have outpacedthe broader market since the U.S. presidential election, with the index up 4.7percent since Nov. 8, compared with the broader S&P 500's 3 percent rally.Historical studies indicate that elections affect the timing of retail salesrather than the overall volume, said Jerry Storch, CEO of Saks Fifth Avenueowner Hudson's Bay Co."Hopefully, when we get to Black Friday, which really tolls the bell of holidayshopping, then the consumer will start looking forward to Christmas," Storchsaid.That would be a welcome development for merchants that have yet to see a salesbump materialize. Dollar sales in the second week of November were 8 percentlower than in the same period a year earlier, according to research firm NPDGroup. The decline was broad-based, too, with drops in apparel, toys,technology, athletic footwear and perfumes, the firm said.For shoppers who are ready to spend, they have more ways than ever to do so,with retailers including Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Amazon.com Inc. offeringexclusive deals to customers who download their mobile applications. Non-storesales may increase 7 percent to 10 percent this year, reaching as much as $117billion, according to the NRF. Online sales account for the bulk of thismeasure, the group said."If Amazon had everything, like everything you need in the world, I would buyeverything from there," said Oscar Viral, a 58-year-old chef in New York. "Iwanted something from Macy's, and I got on the internet because they didn't haveit available in the store."With shoppers able to go online any time for deals, some malls are bucking thetrend of opening earlier on the Thanksgiving holiday and staying closed thatday. The country's largest shopping mall, the Mall of America in Minneapolis,remained closed, reopening at 5 a.m. on Friday. But the 520 stores inside hadthe option to open on Thursday. CBL & Associates, a developer, said it wouldkeep 72 of its malls closed that day, as well.Still, the largest mall operators, Simon Property Group Inc. and General GrowthProperties Inc. didn't make plans to close on Thanksgiving, nor have majordepartment-store anchors that typically drive early traffic.No matter when they shop, customers will be hunting for bargains. While a surveyof about 1,000 U.S. consumers by AlixPartners indicated that 83 percent ofshoppers expect to spend about the same or more this holiday season, mobilephones are making price comparisons simpler than ever.