NEW YORK -- A group of election lawyers and data experts have asked HillaryClinton's campaign to call for a recount of the vote totals in threebattleground states -- Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania -- to ensure that acyberattack was not committed to manipulate the totals.There is no evidence that the results were hacked or that electronic votingmachines were compromised. The Clinton campaign on Wednesday did not respond toa request for comment as to whether it would petition for a recount before thethree states' fast-approaching deadlines to ask for one.President-elect Donald Trump won Wisconsin and Pennsylvania by razor-thinmargins and has a small lead in Michigan. All three states had been reliablyDemocratic in recent presidential elections.The group, led by voting-rights attorney John Bonifaz and J. Alex Halderman, thedirector of the University of Michigan Center for Computer Security and Society,contacted the Clinton campaign this week. That call, first reported by New YorkMagazine, raised the possibility that Clinton may have received fewer votes thanexpected to be actually cast in some counties that rely on electronic votingmachines.But Halderman, in an article posted on Medium on Wednesday, stressed that thegroup has no evidence of a cyberattack or voting irregularities. He urged that arecount be ordered just to eliminate the possibility."The only way to know whether a cyberattack changed the result is to closelyexamine the available physical evidence??paper ballots and voting equipment incritical states like Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania," Halderman wrote.Recounts, which are often costly and time-intensive efforts, would likely onlybe initiated if the Clinton camp pushed for one, though Wisconsin independentlyannounced that it would conduct an audit of its vote. A call for a recount,particularly coming on the heels of a fiercely contested and sharply partisanelection, would likely be cheered by Democrats but denounced by Republicanseager to focus on governing.A request to the Trump transition team for comment was not immediately returned.Trump's campaign had long believed that his message of economic populism wouldresonate in the Rust Belt. He frequently campaigned in Pennsylvania and made alate push in both Wisconsin and Michigan, successfully turning out whiteworking-class voters whom pollsters may have missed.Many pre-election polls showed Clinton with slight leads. While advocating forthe recounts, Halderman writes that "the most likely explanation" for Trump'ssurprise win "is that the polls were systematically wrong,"The deadlines for petitioning for a recount in all three states are in thecoming days, with Wisconsin's on Friday. Green Party candidate Jill Steinannounced a fundraising effort Wednesday to pay for such recounts.The focal point of any possible electoral cyberattack presumably would have beenelectronic voting machines that, whether or not they are connected to theinternet, could be infected with malware that could change vote totals. But manyof those machines produce a paper record of the vote that could be checked tosee if the vote tabulations are accurate.Pennsylvania is considered one of the states most susceptible to hacking because96 percent of its voting machines have no paper trail. Wisconsin is far lessvulnerable because it uses electronic machines with voter-verifiable papertrails in most counties. Michigan is considered the safest of the three becauseit uses paper ballots.Officials in the three states confirmed that no recounts have been ordered. Aspokesman for the U.S. Justice Department says it is not tallying the number ofvoting complaints to determine whether federal action is warranted.Many election experts have called for routine post-election audits designed toboost public confidence in vote outcomes, by guarding against both tampering andnatural vote-counting mistakes. These could involve spot-checks of the votingrecords and ballots, typically in randomly selected precincts, to make sure thatvotes were accurately recorded.In many states, audits involve hand-counting the votes on paper ballots andcomparing the results to the totals stored in the state's electronic votingsystem. Such audits do sometimes turn up mistakes that reverse an election. Thathappened in Florida's Palm Beach County in 2012, when a post-election auditdetermined that the "winners" in two city council races were actually losers.Routine audits also make it possible to confirm the accuracy of electionswithout putting the onus on losing candidates to call for a recount. In stateswithout regular audits, a candidate who question the results gets "painted as asore loser," Pamela Smith, president of the nonprofit Verified Voting, said inan interview earlier this year. "If you do a regular audit, you often don't needa recount. It either shows the count was right or you find something."Any attempted hack to swing the results in three states would have been amassive and unprecedented undertaking. But electoral security was an issue thatloomed large in many Americans minds this year as the Democratic NationalCommittee and several Clinton staffers had their emails breached and laterreleased. U.S. security officials believe that hack of email was orchestrated byRussian hackers.Hamilton reported from San Francisco. Associated Press writer Eric Tucker inWashington contributed to this report.