JanuaryEarly in 2016, President Obama blocked a Republican-led measure that would haverepealed the Affordable Care Act. Just a month later, the House failed tooverride the president's veto. Speaker Paul Ryan still called the effort asuccess, saying, "We have now shown there is a clear path to full repeal without60 votes in the Senate."Bernie Sanders, vying for the Democrat presidential nomination, revealed his"Medicare for all" plan, which would have built on the ACA to distribute asingle-payer health system across the country. The call for single payer echoedthroughout 2016, with Colorado adding a ballot measure to its November election,hopeful its passage would encourage other states to follow suit; however,Amendment 69 was defeated during the Nov. 8 elections.FebruaryAssociate Justice Antonin Scalia died unexpectedly on February 13. PresidentObama nominated Merrick Garland for the open position in March, but Garlandstill hasn't received a confirmation hearing, with GOP leaders continuallyblocking attempts to fill the ninth position. The future of the Supreme Courtwill be up in the air, presumably, until Donald Trump takes the White House inJanuary 2017, and even then, nothing is certain.In an effort to assuage Bernie Sanders supporters, Hillary Clinton said shewould push for a state public option that would give states the ability topursue a single-payer health system.The Zenefits drama continued in 2016. CEO Parker Conrad was ousted,  David Sackstook over, and California regulators began investigating. Despite attempts toright the ship, Zenefits struggled to recover fully, cutting its valuation inJuly to $2 billion, more than half of its previous $4.5 billion value. InOctober, reports surfaced of flailing revenue goals - only $60 million, despiteprojections of $450 million.MarchDonald Trump kicked off March by unveiling his seven-point health care plan,with the first point being "Completely repeal Obamacare." Shortly thereafter,the bipartisan group Committee for a Responsible Budget estimated 21 millionpeople would lose health coverage under Trump's plan. In September, theCommonwealth Fund upped that estimate to 25 million Americans.The CDC said opioids should be a "last resort." The spotlight on opioidaddiction continued throughout the year, with many government leaders, insurers,and Americans calling for solutions.Etsy and Fidelity jumped on the growing bandwagon of companies offering paidparental leave. In April, San Francisco and the state of New York passedparental leave laws. Barclays expanded its parental leave benefits in June byoffering six weeks to non-primary caregivers and 16 weeks to primary caregivers.In October, Chobani began offering six weeks of paid leave to parents.AprilInsurance companies offering coverage through the ACA began penalizing agentsfor low-performing plan sales.The Department of Labor finalized the fiduciary rule, requiring financialadvisors to be fiduciaries. This was done by expanding the "investment advicefiduciary" definition under ERISA. The response was swift, with many financialadvisors arguing the rule would create significant challenges for their firms.UnitedHealth began its ACA exit, starting a domino effect of other insurersleaving the marketplaces. Humana reduced its sales in May, while Aetna exitedstate exchanges that same month, and then quit most of its remaining markets inAugust. In November, Anthem threatened to leave the ACA in 2018 if financialreturns didn't get better. On the other hand, in July, Cigna indicated interestin expanding to more ACA marketplaces.MayWorry surrounding the Zika virus built as the Olympics approached; however,there were zero reports of any Zika infections in Rio. Still, WHO and CDC issuedtravel warnings and advised pregnancy delays. The virus eventually made itsAmerican debut in Florida, but no widespread occurrence has occurred. Currently,no viable vaccine is available.Another ACA co-op failed, leaving only 10. This number continued to fall,reaching seven by August.The state of Missouri denied the Aetna-Humana merger in some of its markets,with the state department of insurance saying the merger would hurt sales ofindividual, small group, and group Medicare Advantage. In June, the state ofCalifornia called for the federal government to stop the Anthem-Cigna merger.Perhaps an inkling of things to come for insurance megamergers?JunePresident Obama vetoed resolutions passed by the House and Senate to kill thefiduciary rule, much to the chagrin of Rep. Phil Roe, R-Tenn., who said the veto"threatens the retirement security of millions of working families."After much anticipation, House Republicans revealed their own plan for healthcare reform. Some of the plan's highlights include: removing the ACA insurancemandate for individuals and businesses, transforming Medicaid into a block grantprogram, creating high-risk insurance pools, and raising the Medicareeligibility age from 65 to 67.Despite exit polls indicating the opposite, the United Kingdom voted to withdrawfrom the European Union. Not only did Brexit draw parallels to America's ownpresidential election, it also stirred debate about U.S. financial markets andtrade.JulyBoth Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton picked running mates - Mike Pence and TimKaine, respectively - and confirmed their party's nomination at the RNC and DNC.Hillary Clinton showed off her new health plan, chock full of ideas to swayBernie supporters to her side. It included proposals to allow the over-55 crowdto opt into Medicare early and for a federally-run public option insuranceprogram. In a show of support, Bernie Sanders encouraged his staunch followersto trust Clinton on health care.The Department of Justice sued to block the Aetna-Humana and Anthem-Cignamegamerger deals. The fight continued between the insurers and the feds, withAetna CEO Mark Bertolini threatening to abandon ACA marketplaces in response tothe DOJ's antitrust case in August.AugustThe Obama administration issued guidance on Affordable Care Act improvements forthe next president. The suggestions largely focused on the stability of ACAprivate insurance exchanges, and were critical of special enrollment abuse.SeptemberThe uninsured rate dropped to an unprecedented 8.6 percent, a historic low.However, a report written by House Republicans claimed 12 state-run ACAexchanges were poised for collapse, saying Oregon, Hawaii, New Mexico, andNevada have already given up on running their own exchanges due to financialproblems.OctoberThe ACA took center stage, beginning with former president Bill Clinton callingObamacare "the craziest thing in the world." Days later, news surfaced that ACAenrollment would slow significantly in 2017. Then, the big hit: Rising ACApremiums were confirmed at a 25 percent hike, opening an opportunity forrepeal-and-replace proponents to pounce on the failures of the ACA.NovemberIn a stunning upset, Donald Trump won the general election to become the 45thPresident of the United States.DecemberWith a Donald Trump presidency around the corner, America pondered a futurewithout the ACA, a staple claim of Trump's campaign. While some outside of hisinner circle have said a total repeal-and-replace strategy is unlikely, Trumpadvisors and members of GOP leadership indicated the ACA's repeal would be apriority within the President-elect's first 100 days. Its replacement hasremained unclear.