A half-dozen Texans have been mentioned as potential picks for top spots in theTrump administration:U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz: Cruz met with President-elect Donald Trump at Trump Tower inNew York on Tuesday. Cruz has been mentioned as a possible pick for attorneygeneral and also been promoted as a potential pick for the Supreme Court.Cruz was Trump's most serious rival for the Republican nomination. Trumproutinely referred to Cruz as "Lying' Ted." On the day Cruz left the race, hedescribed Trump as a "pathological liar." Cruz didn't endorse Trump untilSeptember."I'm eager to work with the new president in whatever capacity I can have thegreatest impact, defending the principles that I was elected to defend," Cruzsaid on "Fox & Friends" on Thursday. "Defending the principles of freedom,defending the Constitution."For Cruz to serve in a Trump administration would be leap of faith for both men.Former Gov. Rick Perry: The first of Trump's GOP rivals to drop out of thepresidential race, Perry described Trump in July 2015 as a "cancer onconservatism" and a "barking carnival act" who was "appealing to the worstinstincts in the human condition."But once Trump triumphed over Cruz, whom Perry backed after he got out of therace, the former Texas governor endorsed Trump with unbridled enthusiasm,campaigning for Trump and advertising his willingness to serve in hisadministration.The Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday that Perry was in the mix forsecretary of energy. If so, it would be ironic. It was at a Republicanpresidential debate in November 2011, that Perry, then a formidable candidatefor his party's nomination, said, "It's three agencies of government when I getthere that are gone: commerce, education, and the uh... what's the third one,there? Let's see. The third one. I can't... Oops."The third agency that eluded Perry's memory was the Department of Energy.U.S. Rep. Michael McCaul: The Austin Republican who chairs the House HomelandSecurity Committee would be an obvious choice as secretary of homeland security.McCaul advised Trump during the campaign and threatened to challenge Cruz forre-election, in part because he was slow to back Trump.U.S. Rep. Jeb Hensarling : The Dallas Republican is chairman of the HouseFinancial Services Committee and on the short list for treasury secretary. Hemet with Trump on Thursday and on his way out of Trump Tower told reporters,"Obviously we talked about financial reform. I just wanted to tell thepresident-elect I'm on his team. Very excited to help drain the swamp, veryexcited to help get this economy working for working Americans again."Agriculture Commissioner Sid Miller: Miller's enthusiasm for Trump and hiscowboy hat caught Trump's attention, with the Republican nominee favorablymentioning Miller at a number of rallies in the home stretch.Asked on "Fox & Friends" Thursday whether he'd take the job as secretary ofagriculture, a beaming Miller said, "Any way I can serve my country. I'dcertainly consider it."If Miller were chosen, headlines would mention that a recent tweet from hisaccount referred to Hillary Clinton using a sexually explicit, derogatory termfor women. He apologized and immediately took down the tweet, saying acontractor sent the tweet.Kathleen Hartnett White: A rancher who served as chairwoman of the TexasCommission on Environmental Quality 2003-2007 and then as a board member of theLower Colorado River Authority, White is a senior fellow at the Texas PublicPolicy Foundation, a conservative think tank in Austin.A potential pick to lead the Environmental Protection Agency, White has longbeen a bête noire of Texas environmentalists much as the EPA under PresidentBarack Obama has been the bête noire of Texas conservatives.Contact Jonathan Tilove at 512-445-3572.