More than 750 Texas State University students, faculty, staff and alumni havesigned an online petition asking university administrators to declare the schoola "sanctuary" for undocumented students and staff.The petition, addressed to Texas State President Denise Trauth and Provost GeneBourgeois, outlines concerns about troubling incidents on and near campus afterDonald Trump won the Nov. 8 presidential election. In one instance, flierscirculated on campus that touted support for "our man Trump" and threatenedschool leaders with attacks for spouting "diversity garbage.""In the past month, fliers have been posted on the Texas State campus callingfor â  tar & feather vigilante squads' to â  arrest and torture...universityleaders,' " the petition states. "In addition, a male student was assaulted in aLGBTQIA hate crime just a block from campus. In another incident, the universitylost a widely revered campus student leader in a tragic suicide."The petition acknowledges that university leaders responded to the incidentswith emails and social media posts calling for unity and urging students toreport all threats to University Police. But the petition says the response hasfallen short."These responses are reactive at best and do not actively promote an environmentthat ensures the safety of our most vulnerable community members," the petitionstates. "Our vision of a sanctuary campus involves actively and vigilantlyprotecting Texas State University's most vulnerable populations throughadministrative policies."Texas State spokesperson Matt Flores said the university is still reviewing thepetition and that he does not yet know when or if the administration willrespond.The petition cited concerns over Trump's campaign pledge to deport millions ofundocumented immigrants and the call by his surrogates for a national registryfor Muslims. It also asserts that university officials haven't adequatelycommunicated how they will respond if Trump repeals President Barack Obama'sDeferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, a policy that safeguards students whoare not citizens from deportation, grants them authorization to work and enablesthem to get a driver's license.Texas State sophomore and a student with DACA status Lesly De Leon said she wasone of the 768 who signed the petition because she knows what it's like to bevulnerable in the current political climate. She wants protection not only forherself but also for other minority communities, including Muslims and gayAmericans."Immigration - that's a really important topic to me, and all the petition isasking for is to get the administration to listen to our concerns and do whatthey can to protect these vulnerable students," De Leon said.Texas State junior May Olvera said it's important to her that leaders publiclydeclare Texas State a sanctuary campus because as a Mexican immigrant herself,she knows what people are fleeing from when they come to America."I was extremely privileged to have an American grandfather who passed thenationality down to me, but I don't think that gives me more of a right to life,security or education than students who come here through DACA," Olvera said."And it's important the university protects those students, because somestudents, if deported, would be sent back to poverty, hunger, violence and maybeeven death. They're here actively working hard to earn an education that wouldhelp them and their families, and to not protect something so noble isinherently wrong."Contact Anna Herod at 512-445-3931.Petition requests  The petition lists a series of requests for Texas State University'sadministration and student government.  "We urge that Texas State University's administration:  * Declare Texas State University a sanctuary for undocumented students,workers, and community members.  * Guarantee student privacy by refusing to release information regarding theimmigration status of students, staff, and/or university community members.  * Prohibit campus housing discrimination based on immigration status.  * Take measures to increase visibility, access, and expansion of resourcesfor immigrant, black, LGBTQIA, Muslim, and other underrepresented populations(e.g. confidential counseling services, advocacy networks).  * Bolster existing policies to address and denounce hostility and hate speech in our university community.  * In the event of the arrest, imprisonment, detainment, and/or deportation of a student, enact arrangements for the online continuation of their coursesenabling the completion of their degree programs."