It might have been a concern for everyone from Marco Rubio to the medicinalmarijuana people to the Palm Beach County folks who wanted an extra penny ofsales tax.It's called the undervote. People voting in the contentious presidential race atthe top of the ballot but not bothering farther down.Or, as some worried, the reverse; people looking at Donald Trump and HillaryClinton, both with high negative numbers, and deciding to skip that race andjust vote down-ballot.But results show none of that happened.Turnouts for all major national, state and local items on Palm Beach Countyballots were within about a five-point range, according to final tabulationsreleased this week by the Palm Beach County Supervisor of Elections and theFlorida Division of Elections.Totals show 73.5 percent of registered voters cast ballots in the presidentialrace and 72.4 percent in the U.S. Senate tilt won by GOP incumbent Rubio overU.S. Rep. Patrick Murphy, D-Jupiter.And in the contentious District 18 U.S. Congress face-off between Randy Perkinsand winner Brian Mast for Murphy's old seat, the Palm Beach County turnout waseven higher than that for president, 74.2 percent. Across the three countiescovered by District 18 -- Palm Beach, Martin and St. Lucie -- it dropped to 73.6percent, still higher than for president.Palm Beach County's turnout starts to drop off with the four statewideconstitutional amendments, which drew turnouts between 68 and 70 percent. Thecountywide ballot question to add a penny to the Palm Beach County sales tax forroads, buildings and schools drew 69 percent.Two circuit judge races each drew around 53 percent and three spots on theobscure Palm Beach Soil and Water Conservation District each drew about 50percent, as did the votes to retain three Florida Supreme Court justices and sixjurists on the 4th District Court of Appeal."Going into the election, a lot of people were wondering if we'd see a roll-offoff the top -- people that skipped the presidential race and voted everythingelse," Susan MacManus, political science professor at the University of SouthFlorida, said this weekAs for the high turnout for District 18, "that was a really competitive race,and everybody was clued in. Those candidates ended up meeting more people,"MacManus said."I'm not at all surprised about the (U.S.) Senate and (District 18)Congressional races," former Palm Beach County Republican Party chair SidDinerstein said this week. "Palm Beach County is a voting county. Make nomistake about it. We vote in municipals, we vote for judges, we vote inrunoffs."Dinerstein had opposed the county penny sales tax, saying it amounted to a 17percent tax hike. It was at the bottom of the ballot but nearly seven in 10voters still filled in their choices."To get that far down and get that percentage speaks well for the county,"Dinerstein said.USF's MacManus said all three Florida races this year -- the March primary, theAugust vote and the November general election -- drew more turnout than in pastyears, if only by a couple of points. But she said presidential yearshistorically draw much higher turnouts than elections where the highest-profilerace is for governor.The figures for Nov. 8 mean between 25 percent and 50 percent of people didn'tvote. That's not 25 percent to 50 percent of all eligible Floridians or PalmBeach County residents. That's 25 percent to 50 percent of those who previouslyhad taken the time to register.Even though it's easier than ever, with the option of doing so on Election Day,by mail, or using Early Voting, people still have all sorts of reasons for notvoting, and the turnout numbers aren't that bad, MacManus said."The old saying is, 'You can register people to vote but you can't make themvote,'" she said.ekleinberg@pbpost.com Twitter: @eliotkpbpKEEP UP WITH NEW ADMINISTRATIONThe latest on the Trump transition is at "Countdown to Inauguration" onPostonPolitics.com.LOCAL NUMBERSPercentage of registered voters in Palm Beach County who cast ballots in threemajor races:U.S. SENATE: 72.4%PRESIDENT: 73.5%U.S. CONGRESSDISTRICT 18: 74.2%