Donald Trump will spend another Thanksgiving in Palm Beach -- but this timesurrounded by heightened security as president-elect of the United States.Trump's transition team confirmed Monday that Trump, a part-time Palm Beachersince the 1980s, will be flying to Palm Beach County this afternoon or Wednesdaymorning. The Palm Beach Post reported Sunday that the Federal AviationAdministration had imposed major flight restrictions in the airspace aroundTrump's Mar-a-Lago Club from today through Friday.It will be Trump's first post-election visit to Florida, a state where Trump'snarrow win was crucial to his stunning upset of Democrat Hillary Clinton.Trump's arrival on his private plane is not expected to disrupt scheduledcommercial flights in and out of Palm Beach International Airport, said airportspokeswoman Lacy Larson.Trump had Secret Service protection as a presidential candidate, but formerSecret Service Agent Dan Bongino said this week's visit will give countyresidents and Trump's Palm Beach neighbors a preview of the stepped-up securityhe'll receive as president."The president-elect is now getting the full Secret Service package," saidBongino, a TV and radio commentator and former Republican congressionalcandidate who was a Secret Service agent from 1999 to 2011. "You'll get ageneral idea this weekend if you're a resident. This is like spring training --you'll start to see the real players on the field."From a security perspective, Bongino said, Mar-a-Lago is a better getaway spotfor Trump than his penthouse residence and office space in Trump Tower inmidtown Manhattan."Someone with the Secret Service is probably going to have a conversation withhim at some point and tell him Mar-a-Lago is his best option. ... It's not easy,but it's easier than Trump Tower," Bongino said. But, Bongino added, "The SecretService gets paid by the taxpayer to secure the life of the president, not totell him what to do."Trump has been meeting with advisers and potential appointees to hisadministration at Trump Tower and, over the weekend, at the Trump National GolfClub in Bedminster, N.J. It wasn't clear Monday whether he'll conduct anytransition-related meetings while he's in Palm Beach.Vice President-elect Mike Pence will spend Thanksgiving in Mississippi, wherehis son is stationed as a Marine.Trump's Palm Beach plans include "hopefully eating some turkey," spokesman JasonMiller said on Monday."As far as meetings and such, we haven't released a full schedule," Miller said.He said Thanksgiving should provide "a brief break in the action" fromtransition work. But, Miller added, "There's never too long of a break."Trump's Monday schedule included meetings with U.S. Rep. Tulsi Gabbard,D-Hawaii, who stepped down from a Democratic National Committee leadership postto support Bernie Sanders over Clinton in the Democratic nomination fight.Gabbard, an Iraq War veteran and member of the House Armed Services Committee,said she had a "frank and positive" conversation with Trump about her oppositionto creating a no-fly zone over Syria as part of U.S. efforts to combat theIslamic State.Trump also met with Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin, who according to Trump adviserKellyanne Conway is being considered to head the Interior Department, and withformer Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown, who indicated he is being considered tohead the Department of Veterans Affairs.Trump's schedule also included meetings with former Texas Gov. Rick Perry, aharsh Trump critic before abandoning his brief 2016 presidential bid, and formerHouse Speaker Newt Gingrich.The Associated Press contributed to this story. gbennett@pbpost.com Twitter:@gbennettpost