President-elect Donald Trump isn't expected to conduct transition-relatedbusiness while he visits his second home at the Mar-a-Lago Club for Thanksgiving-- but a pair of potential Cabinet picks will be nearby if Trump changes hismind.Trump arrived shortly after 7 p.m. Tuesday at Palm Beach International Airportfor his first Florida visit since stunning Democrat Hillary Clinton in the Nov.8 election.Earlier in the day in New York, Trump met with Palm Beach Gardens resident BenCarson, the retired neurosurgeon and former Republican presidential candidatewho this past week appeared to rule out serving in the Trump administration.Carson, an early Trump endorser after ending his own presidential bid, is nowgiving "serious consideration" to serving as secretary of Housing and UrbanDevelopment, Carson ally Armstrong Williams told The Palm Beach Post.Trump, on his Twitter account, said Tuesday that he is "seriously consideringDr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. I've gotten to know him well -- he's agreatly talented person who loves people!"Trump also met recently with billionaire investor and Palm Beach resident WilburRoss, who has been mentioned as a potential Commerce secretary. Ross' residenceis about a mile from Mar-a-Lago.Presidential visits are not new for Palm Beach, but the town hasn't been atemporary residence for a president since John F. Kennedy used to spend time athis family compound on North County Road."The community is honored to have a sitting president using our town as thewinter White House," Palm Beach Mayor Gail Coniglio said. "By the same token,our main concerns remain the safety, security and respecting the privacy of theresidents."Palm Beach, where Trump has been a fixture since buying Mar-a-Lago in the 1980s,is a Republican bastion in a heavily Democratic county.Trump won 54.3 percent of the vote in the town while Clinton got 43.9 percent.In precinct 7154, which includes his Mar-a-Lago Club, Trump got 63.9 percent ofthe vote. Trump himself is registered to vote in New York.Palm Beachers were more enthusiastic about Mitt Romney's candidacy four yearsago. Romney carried Palm Beach with 65.5 percent in 2012 and snagged 78 percentin precinct 7154."I think Romney was more popular because he was more moderate," said Marie HopeDavis, the president of the Palm Beach Republican Club. She said many on theisland were put off by Trump's "coarse attitude toward others and the way hearticulated it."Also, Davis said, "A lot of Palm Beachers were very supportive of Jeb Bushbecause of the loyalty to both President Bushes. That played a factor."Trump repeatedly attacked Jeb Bush as "low energy" before Bush dropped out ofthe GOP race for president. The former Florida governor refused to endorseTrump.While the buttoned-down Romney might have been more suited to Palm Beach tastes,he lost Florida to President Barack Obama. Trump won the state by 1.2 percentagepoints over Clinton, capturing Florida's coveted 29 electoral votes.Republicans outnumber Democrats by a 47.6-to-23.6 percent margin in the town. InPalm Beach County, Democrats have a 42.6-to-28.3 percent registration advantage.Clinton carried the county with 56.6 percent.After a closely fought election in which Clinton won more popular votesnationally than Trump, a new Quinnipiac University national poll shows Americanshave doubts about Trump's honesty and temperament but believe he will be goodfor the economy and protect the country against terrorism.The poll of 1,071 voters, conducted Thursday through Sunday, shows 44 percent ofAmericans have a favorable opinion of Trump and 46 percent have an unfavorableview -- essentially a wash given the survey's 3 percent margin of error.The 44 percent favorable score is Trump's highest ever in a national Quinnipiacpoll. The last time Quinnipiac asked the favorable/unfavorable question, inJune, Trump was viewed favorably by 34 percent and unfavorably by 57 percent.Some other highlights of the poll:* Fifty-two percent of voters say Trump is not honest and 57 percent say he'snot level-headed. Seventy-four percent say he's a "strong person," 74 percentsay he's intelligent and 56 percent say he has good leadership skills.* By a 53-to-40 percent margin, Americans say Trump will take the nation in theright direction.* Fifty-two percent say Trump will help the economy and 66 percent say he'llcreate jobs. Asked if they think Trump will lower their taxes, 45 percent saidyes and 48 percent said no.* Asked if they think Trump will keep America safe from terrorism, 58 percentsaid yes and 37 percent said no. But only 42 percent think he will defeat ISIS.* Only 19 percent believe Trump will fulfill his pledge to build a wall betweenthe U.S. and Mexico and have Mexico pay for it, with 74 percent saying it won'thappen.* Fifty percent do not think Trump will lower their health care costs, while 43percent believe he will.* Fifty-nine percent of Americans say Trump should give up his personal Twitteraccount.Staff Writer Julius Whigham contributed to this story. gbennett@pbpost.comTwitter: @gbennettpostpost on politicsThe latest on the Trump transition is at "Countdown to Inauguration" onPostonPolitics.com.