Baltimore County police will not participate in any efforts to identifyimmigrants who are college students living in the country illegally, accordingto Democratic County Executive Kevin Kamenetz.Kamenetz, in a letter to college and university leaders and presidents andmembers of the state's congressional and U.S. Senate delegation, also called onGov. Larry Hogan to make a similar commitment. The letter follows the electionof Republican President-elect Donald Trump, who during the campaign made pledgesto deport millions of immigrants he said were living in the country illegally."I am urging members of Maryland's congressional delegation and our Stateleaders to oppose any effort by incoming President Trump to rescind the DACAprogram," Kamenetz wrote in his letter.  "I have also advised Chief (Jim)Johnson that the Baltimore County Police Department should not participate inany effort to identify otherwise law-abiding students from our college campusesthat would  subject them to deportation by federal authorities. This letter isalso copied to Governor (Larry) Hogan seeking his support in this effort aswell. "Spokesmen for Hogan did not return calls seeking comment.Kamenetz, who is in his last term as county executive, is considered a likelychallenger to Hogan, a first-term Republican, in the 2018 election.Leaders of institutions within the University System of Maryland, including theUniversity of Maryland, College Park, Baltimore and Baltimore County, and TowsonUniversity as well as Johns Hopkins University have called on the incoming Trumpadministration to continue and expand the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivalsprogram, under which more than 700,000 young people who were brought to the U.S.illegally as children have registered with the federal government in exchangefor temporary relief from the possibility of deportation and a two-yearrenewable work permit.Among the more than 335 university officials who signed the petition were RobertCaret, chancellor of the University System of Maryland.University leaders across the country also have said they would take steps toprotect undocumented students from deportation under a Trump administration.Trump said during the campaign he would halt the DACA program, but his commentson immigration since the election have focused largely on deporting immigrantswho have criminal records."These students were children when they arrived in this country," Kamenetz saidin a statement. "They were raised here and have no identification with theirnative country. They should be allowed to continue with their education andpursue a path to citizenship, without police harassment. "The text of the Kamenetz's letter:Dear Dr. Bowen, Dr. Caret, Dr. Hrabowski, Dr. Kurtinitis, Dr. Manning, and Dr.Schatzel,As the County Executive of a county that is home to five colleges anduniversities, I strongly support your efforts to protect undocumented studentsfrom deportation in the wake of the recent presidential election.It is imperative that our nation's leaders protect the Deferred Action forChildhood Arrivals (DACA) program instituted by President Obama in 2012,allowing students to pursue their education without fear.I am urging members of Maryland's congressional delegation and our State leadersto oppose any effort by incoming President Trump to rescind the DACA program.I have also advised Chief Johnson that the Baltimore County Police Departmentshould not participate in any effort to identify otherwise law-abiding studentsfrom our college campuses that would  subject them to deportation by federalauthorities. This letter is also copied to Governor Hogan seeking his support inthis effort as well.Thank you for taking all necessary steps to make your students feel safe andsecure.Very truly yours,Baltimore County ExecutiveC:        Honorable Lawrence J. Hogan, Jr.Honorable Barbara MikulskiHonorable Ben CardinHonorable Andy HarrisHonorable Dutch RuppersbergerHonorable John SarbanesHonorable Donna EdwardsHonorable Steny HoyerHonorable John DelaneyHonorable Elijah CummingsHonorable Chris Van HollenHonorable Mike MillerHonorable Mike Buschhttp://www.mddailyrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from thisresource.Copyright © 2016 BridgeTower Media. All Rights Reserved.