INDIANAPOLIS -- Having a beer in late 2014 with Eric Holcomb at the Old PointTavern below my office, I posed this question: Have you ever thought aboutrunning for office yourself?"Yes," Holcomb responded. Others had suggested the same thing. He had run for anIndiana House seat in 2000, but lost. Beyond that, he had compiled an impressiveresume working with U.S. Rep. John Hostettler, Mitch Daniels in his first 2004gubernatorial campaign and managing his 2008 re-election. He had been Daniels'deputy chief of staff, Republican state chairman, and at this point was workingfor U.S. Sen. Dan Coats.When you get to know Eric Holcomb, now Indiana's governor-elect, you find anenduring sturdiness wrapped around a fine sense of humor, and an inherentoptimism, all towering above a cool set of cowboy boots. You can have aninformed conversation with Holcomb about AC/DC (the rock band) or aboutPresident Lincoln, at whose Illinois home and grave he spent part of hisbachelor's party.As we talked about his own political future, he tells stories that hint at howhe constantly moves the ball up court. Retrieving ballot petitions for Gov.Mitch Daniels, he found a cantankerous clerk down in southern Indiana, unmovedby his mission. The office closed for lunch, Holcomb found a nearby florist, andreturned at 1:01 p.m. with a bouquet and a smile. Mission accomplished.As the suds formed a final mustache on our upper lips, neither of us knew whatwas in store. About three months later, Coats announced he would retire. Withinhours, Holcomb kicked off his U.S. Senate campaign, saying, "This campaign willseek to attract people of diverse backgrounds and perspectives and experiences.We will welcome and engage them. This campaign will be about Indiana's voice andanyone who knows me, knows this campaign is going to have some fun along theway."He spoke these words just hours before Gov. Mike Pence would sign the ReligiousFreedom Restoration Act that would eventually force him away from a 2016presidential candidacy.As we now know, that fateful week in March 2015 kicked in motion one of the mostimprobable chapters in Hoosier political history. Holcomb's Senate campaignnever really found traction, but it did get the attention of  Pence when heneeded to replace Lt. Gov. Sue Ellspermann. Holcomb was his man. No one knewthat Pence himself would capture the attention of a billionaire mogul namedDonald Trump.Had Pence not traveled to New York to retrieve that vice presidential bid onJuly 14, a Trump ticket with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie on board might havecrashed and burned due to the conviction of two top aides in the "Bridgegate"scandal.With Pence going nationwide, Holcomb had his own tipping point moments.Ten days after the Pence secured the vice presidential nod, Holcomb foundhimself at historic crossroads. Never before had just 22 people held an Indianagubernatorial nomination in their hands as the Republican Central Committee did.As the caucus date of July 26 neared, Holcomb had the big momentum. He hadnominated Pence at the Republican National Convention on national TV. He spentmuch of the week at the Hilton Gardens Hotel near the Cleveland airport and onthe convention floor making his case, while U.S. Reps. Susan Brooks and ToddRokita did the same, sometimes just a few feet away.When Holcomb, Rokita and Brooks drove back to Indiana that Friday, July 22, theHolcomb team was expressing button-popping confidence. Pence had endorsed himthat Friday, as had Speaker Brian Bosma, Senate President David Long, and U.S.Sen. Dan Coats, along with Marsha Coats, the national committeewoman.There were rumors the campaign pushed that Holcomb had up to 16 votes whenMonday, July 25, rolled up, but other insiders were describing the process as"fluid." Committee members seemed to be concentrating on the "electability"question. Some were pushing for a Brooks/Holcomb ticket, a combination thatwould be the best of the top two choices.And then came Tuesday, July 26. The ultimate confirmation that Holcomb didn'thave it sewed up came when the first ballot took almost an hour, ending up 11votes for Holcomb, nine for Brooks and two for Rokita. At least one Holcomb votedidn't materialize.Chairman Jeff Cardwell commenced the second ballot almost immediately, butsources in the room tell me that in the brief interlude between the two ballots,former legislator Dan Dumezich was in an intense conversation with Clark CountySheriff Jamey Noel, an ardent Holcomb supporter, in a backroom corner.The second ballot results were never released by Cardwell, but most believe thatDumezich had switched his vote from Rokita to Holcomb, giving him the magic 12thvote.Gov.-elect Eric Holcomb spent 2015 and 2016 meeting and convincing Hoosiers hewas the real deal. He tried to shoot a basketball in every high school arena inthe state. When he hit that three-pointer at the buzzer last July his improbablejourney will make him Indiana's 51st governor next January.The columnist is publisher of Howey Politics Indiana at www.howeypolitics.com.Find him on Facebook and Twitter @hwypol.