Voter suppression is the big, somewhat neglected, story of the 2016 election,insofar as that phenomenon is what caused Hillary Clinton to lose and DonaldTrump to win. And it wasn't just the well-planned and rigorous voter suppressionbeing carried out by Republican-controlled states throughout the nation, photoIDs, exaggerated myths of the fraudulent individual voters, fewer places anddays to vote, etc., but a more insidious sort, a byproduct of negative ads andthe atmospherics of disenfranchisement.What the Republicans succeeded doing was to trumpet Clinton's shortcomings and,more cunningly, they helped raise Donald Trump's negative ratings, too.Indiana was a test case for this, given all the attack television advertisingaimed at the Senate and governor race. Hard to count all the faults of both theRepublican and Democrat candidates viewers were exposed to: Whoever was to beelected was already branded a crook, a criminal, or worse. Unfortunately, mostof these ads were accurate.In the presidential race, the statistic the media most often repeated, eitherwittingly or unwittingly becoming co-conspirators to suppress the vote, was bothTrump's and Clinton's "unfavorable" ratings, higher than any other candidates inhistory, commentators crowed.The general distaste for both Trump and Clinton was promoted relentlessly overthe course of the campaign and had its effects, both intended and accidental.Clinton's own weaknesses played into this version of events, as did theoutstanding boorishness of Trump. Weirdly, the "high-road" behavior of PresidentObama and the first lady drove up the contrast between themselves and thosevying for the office.The result of the 2016 election had a variety of causes, but voter suppressionproved crucial. The distribution of the votes echoed the 2000 contestedelection: It's cities vs. country, college towns vs. rural towns. Clinton, likeAl Gore, insofar won the popular vote. The enthusiasm gap between the contendersreared its head. A lot of people tried to deny it existed. This election may, ormay not, be the last hurrah for a couple of generations of white folk. What do Ithink? As Jesus purportedly said on the cross while soldiers cast lots anddivided up his garments: "Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do."Yes, we live in a divided America. But, as Bernie Sanders showed in theprimaries, dividing garments and casting lots was in vogue.But, unlike the Bush vs. Gore contest, the 2016 campaign itself suppressed thevote. The statistics are now just starting to come out that prove the point.Trump barely received more votes winning than Mitt Romney received losing. Thatcould only happen in an election where the chief attribute was votersuppression.Americans tend to suppress the vote in any case, since barely half even botherto vote. But, in addition to those tendencies, this time there was a certainsort of not voting that led to the outcome. In Michigan, some 20,000 voters whodid vote skipped voting for any candidate for president.This sort of thing has happened before and I wrote about it in my book on the1996 presidential campaign. In the race for the Senate in New York state in BillClinton's first win in 1992 tens of thousands of voters did not vote for anyonefor senator in that election. The reason was the Democratic primary had been socantankerous and ugly that voters, mainly women -- that primary was full ofwomen candidates (Geraldine Ferraro, Liz Holtzman) and the eventual winner,Robert Abrams, was wounded by winning -- voted for neither candidate. AlfonseD'Amato, the Republican incumbent, won narrowly. Republicans retained the seatbecause some Democrats felt aggrieved. Sound familiar? See Bernie's boosters.After that contest, in an autobiography, D'Amato wrote, "A significant number ofliberals were so turned off by Abrams that they voted for Clinton and then didnot vote in the Senate race at all. I may not have won liberal Ferraro voters,but Abrams lost many of them. As I learned...in a close election every vote andevery non-vote counts."I am sure the non-vote count in the 2016 presidential category will be thelargest in modern history. Voter suppression takes all forms and we have justwitnessed the pernicious result of its success.William O'Rourke is an emeritus professor of English at Notre Dame. He lives inSouth Bend.