With Thanksgiving almost here, it's time to present the annual Turkey of theYear Awards.Recipients may cry fowl. But even if they haven't been turkeys all year, eachwinner has done something to merit this prestigious recognition.The awards for 2016:For campaign strategy, the Turkey of the Year Award goes to Hillary Clinton fora rejected plea of "love trumps hate." Voters instead were deciding that Twittertrumps email as they heard of messages the candidates sent.A turkey for inadequate preparation for a sudden surge in website traffic goesto Canada. It's website for immigration crashed election night.In the last laugh category, Hoosier Democrats who laughed that Mike Pence wasending his political career by joining the Trump ticket get the award.For belated enthusiasm, a turkey goes to those among anti-Trump marchers whodidn't show such enthusiasm in leading a march to the polls, when enthusiasmreally counted.Bernie Sanders, pushing a progressive revolution, gets a turkey award forpushing Clinton too far left, with talk of free college and all, helping to keepher from capturing the middle ground in Middle America, where Trump won to turnthe nation away from what Sanders wanted.A Turkey of the Year Award is presented to Chris Christie for failing to bridgethe gap with Trump's son-in-law and losing all influence over transition.In geography, the award goes to Evan Bayh, a former Hoosier resident, whoportrayed his home as actually back in Indiana.Brian Kelly doesn't get a turkey. He already had one for far too long, fourgames into the season as defensive coordinator.Chicago sportswriters get a Goat of the Year Award for countless references tothe Cubs trying to beat a goat curse, something sportswriters created andperpetuated for decades. The current players, oblivious to the whole nonsense,won the World Series, not some Goat Curse Series.The award in chemistry goes to Russian Olympic athletes.In fiction, the winner is American Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte for his dramaabout robbery in Rio.The award for nonfiction goes to Megyn for disillusioning fans of Roger "Fairand Balanced" Ailes.Critics of South Bend Mayor Pete Buttigieg get a turkey for suggesting hisadministration wouldn't complete "Smart Streets" work in time for smooth trafficflow for the first Notre Dame football game. What? Really? Not yet? Well, inthat case, let's do a swing around the roundabout and give the turkey instead toSmart Street Pete.Mishawaka Mayor Dave Wood gets a Goose of the Year Award.The Turkey of the Year Award in banking goes to Wells Fargo.In law enforcement, the unanimous choice is FBI Director James Comey, denouncedby both sides in the presidential race for "rigging" that email investigationand becoming the most politically involved director since J. Edgar Hoover.The award for phone fireworks is presented to Samsung.For care in the air, JetBlue gets a turkey for making sure 5-year-old AndyMartinez was flown safely to a major airport. Except it was the wrong airport.His mother was shocked when it was another little boy who came off the plane.Andy was flown to Boston instead of New York, while the other kid, who wassupposed to go to Boston, landed in New York.The award for seeking to free load on a cushy job at high pay goes to applicantsfor Environmental Protection Agency administrator. Big salary. Big office. Butno staff, budget or regulations to worry about.The Gobbler for Being a Squabbler goes of course to Donald Trump. Squabblingdidn't shake his supporters, just as shooting someone in the middle of 5thAvenue wouldn't have.For misplaced political faith, a Turkey of the Year Award goes to Jack Colwell,who wrote confidently of Republicans: "They're not dumb enough to nominateDonald Trump for president."Jack Colwell is a columnist for The Tribune. Write to him in care of The Tribuneor by email at jcolwell@comcast.net