Here is an issue where Donald Trump could fail as president and the countrywould pay mightily: the federal debt.He did refer to it during the campaign, saying his growth plans could whip theproblem, but some of his announced policies could actually exacerbate thethreat. They include leaving Social Security untouched, reducing taxes too muchand barreling ahead with spending plans.Republicans will cower and Democrats will try to destroy him if he moves in someright directions, but none of this diminishes what has been said by a host ofbipartisan sources. Right now, the debt is at $20 trillion, equivalent to$158,604 per household and 75 percent of gross domestic product. It's expectedto go up to 84 percent of GDP by 2025 if Social Security and Medicare are notadjusted. Here are some of the possible consequences as increases happen.Stalled economic growth and likely the reverse. Much higher taxes. Wageshurdling down. Investment crashes. Living standards flat on their back. Littlemoney in the budget for anything but entitlements. And finally, a fiscal crisisshaming past ones as nothing much.A major issue is Social Security, ready to zoom to madness as baby boomers startretiring en masse even as Hillary Clinton, to mention a recent presidentialnominee, wanted to increase its benefits. She said she would pay for them -- notthe other increased costs -- through raising caps on the rich. Of course, if youstuck to the Social Security formula that says the more you pay, the more youget, that would not do a lot of good. Trump said he would not touch SocialSecurity, but it is already eating us up despite what many say.They argue that Social Security is not now adding to the debt. Technically, thatis true. When Social Security revenues aren't spent immediately, they become asurplus, meaning essentially that notations are made. When the money the moneyis needed and spent, the notations are reduced.All is thereby OK?Not in the real world. The surplus is not cash is sitting around some place ormoney being invested. Instead, the government spends like crazy on all kinds ofprograms, far outreaching any available revenues and causing the debt to go upenormously. When it comes time to take from the Social Security "surplus," thedebt is increased still more. In 2014, $74 billion was added to the overburdeneddebt to pay off Social Security beneficiaries, and here are my questions tonaysayers.If that money was not spent on Social Security, what was it spent on, anddoesn't this contribute to fiscal woes that could someday leave this nationflattened?What Trump should consider is measures that won't affect anyone less than thewell-off anytime soon. He could raise the cap but also redo the formula so therich won't get more benefits. He could curb growth by lessening the initialamount given; right now, it increases so that someone this year who earned$50,000 will usually get fewer benefits than someone next year earning the same.He could raise the retirement age except for people in tough-labor jobs.His repeal-replacement overhaul of Obamacare must reduce its costssignificantly, something that won't happen if he does nothing new about patientswith pre-existing conditions.On his expenditures, such as redoing our infrastructure, he should seek out cutselsewhere to pay for them. He needs to restrict his trade protectionism tocautiously revised details. He could maybe then get the economy up to 3 percentgrowth, but that alone will not erase the debt problem.