POLITICAL INSIDERSarasota Democrats will have a new leader next month while Republicans arelikely to keep their current chairman, one of the longest serving in SarasotaCounty history.Sarasota GOP Chair Joe Gruters will run for a fifth term next month. He shouldeasily retain the post after a hugely successful election that saw Republicansdominate up and down the ballot."I love being party chairman," Gruters said "And I think I can still do more."Meanwhile, Gruters' counterpart on the Democratic side, Christine Jennings, isstepping down after one two-year term. Her decision was made well before theelection, Jennings said."I just truly believe in passing that baton," she said.Despite Sarasota Democrats' lack of electoral success this year, Jennings saidshe's proud of her record. She greatly improved party fundraising, culminatingwith a well-attended dinner in December that featured keynote speaker JulianCastro, then considered a leading contender for the Democratic vice presidentialnomination.Jennings' fundraising prowess allowed the party to spend more than $100,000supporting down ballot candidates this year. But it wasn't enough."The problem here is the numbers are just against us," Jennings said. "It hasnothing to do with the effort we put forth. We had really great candidates, soqualified. It's just a numbers game.Jennings supports JoAnne DeVries, Sarasota County's Democratic statecommitteewoman, to succeed her as chair. DeVries is considered the leadingcontender for the job. Party Vice Chair Kevin Griffith has said he's notinterested in taking over as chairat this time because of family obligations."I think JoAnne will be an awesome leader so I sincerely hope she is elected,"Jennings said. "She has worked so closely with me and I admire her."Gruters has been the Sarasota GOP chair since 2008. Under his leadership, thecounty has become known for attracting big name Republican leaders and holdinglarge rallies. Local Republicans also have done well at the ballot box. Theycontinue to hold every partisan countywide seat but one."I think the job's not done yet so I'm going to continue on to make sureSarasota remains as red as we possibly can, especially in the governor's race intwo years when we have an open seat," Gruters said.Of course, as an early Trump supporter and key member of the president-elect'steam in Florida, Gruters is being considered for a job in the administration. Ifthe right position came along, Gruters might drop everything and leave to bepart of Trump's team."I don't know if I'm going to be offered anything but if I'm called to serve mycountry in another way I would be open to serving the Trump administration," hesaid. "Because I believe in his mission and the movement he started."Scaling backEven as Gruters looks to remain at the helm of the Sarasota GOP, he is scalingback on some of his other political activities after winning a seat in theFlorida Legislature this year.Gruters won't seek re-election as vice chair of the Republican Party of Florida.He's also resigning from the Florida State University board of directors.The FSU post was a big point of pride for Gruters, who graduated from the schooland is a diehard fan of FSU sports. But it could be viewed as a conflict withhis House position, which involves setting the budget for state universities."Serving my alma mater has been one of my life's most rewarding opportunitiesand I will forever treasure and appreciate the fact that you appointed metwice," Gruters wrote to Gov. Rick Scott in resigning from the FSU board lastweek.EventsThe Sarasota Tiger Bay Club meets Thursday at 11:30 a.m. at Michael's on East.Leaders of five local charitable foundations will discuss their work in thecommunity. The cost is $23 for members and $28 for guests. For reservations,call 941-925-2970 or email sarasotatigerbayclub@verizon.net