HIGHLIGHT: As the mainstream news media work to separate fact from fiction,Facebook - which has gobbled up much of the online ad market - must do its part.Friday night, the Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg went on his vast socialnetwork to convince an expanding chorus of critics - including the departingpresident of the United States - that he honest-to-goodness wants to combat the"fake news" that is running wild across his site and others, and turning ourpolitics into a paranoiac fantasy come to life."We've been working on this problem for a long time and we take thisresponsibility seriously," he wrote."We've made significant progress, but there is more work to be done," hecontinued, listing various steps Facebook was taking, like making it easier toreport bad information and enlisting fact-checking organizations.It was heartening to hear, especially after his earlier assertion that it was"crazy" to believe that misinformation on Facebook had affected the presidentialelection in any real way - despite copious evidence that it was disturbingly inthe mix, whether it directly swung the result or not.But as Mr. Zuckerberg went on to say that Facebook had to be careful not tomistakenly block "accurate content," he added this: "We do not want to bearbiters of truth ourselves," which was why he said Facebook would continue torely on "our community and trusted third parties."His statement pointed up how much Facebook struggles to find the balance betweenits mission to be a free-expression utopia for its 1.8 billion users and itsresponsibility to protect them from all that is defamatory, dangerous (liketerrorist propaganda) and untrue.But more to the point, it appeared to buy into the notion that truth is relativeat a time when that notion has to finally go away. Do you really need an outsidearbiter to determine whether a video suggesting - without basis - that HillaryClinton was involved in John F. Kennedy Jr.'s fatal plane crash in 1999 shouldbe allowed to stand? Really?Truth doesn't need arbiters. It needs defenders. And it needs them now more thanever as the American democracy staggers into its next uncertain phase.With a mainstream news media that works hard to separate fact from fiction undereconomic and political threat, Facebook - which has contributed to that economicthreat by gobbling up so much of the online advertising market - is going tohave a special responsibility to do its part.Just imagine what things will look like if the unsavory elements that torethrough the 2016 election - false narratives, fake news and aggressive effortsto delegitimize traditional journalism - come back into play as Donald J. Trumppresses to enact his agenda.If the past week provided any indication of where politics are going, the nextfour years are going to require an all-hands-on-deck effort to keep the nationalconversation honest.The national security adviser Mr. Trump named last week, Michael T. Flynn, aretired Army lieutenant general, has subscribed to the conspiracy theory thatShariah law is taking root in the United States (it isn't), contributing to hisinsistence that Americans have every reason to view Islam as "a threat."He recently used Twitter to circulate a fake news item that the Federal Bureauof Investigation was sitting on evidence from Anthony Weiner's laptop that would"put Hillary and her crew away for life."Mr. Trump's nominee for attorney general, Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, hasfalsely claimed that hundreds of thousands of undocumented immigrants aresuccessfully crossing the border annually.Then there was the announcement by the conspiracy theorist Alex Jones that Mr.Trump had called to thank him and his radio and internet audience for theirsupport in the campaign.Add to that the fact that Mr. Trump was the most prominent promoter of the falsenotion that President Obama wasn't born here, and didn't hesitate to repeat theoutrageous suggestion that the father of Senator Ted Cruz was linked to theassassination of President John F. Kennedy.Then consider what it may look like when Mr. Trump pursues policies regardingMuslim immigrants and undocumented immigrants.It's not so outlandish to envision Mr. Trump's attempts to sell his plansgetting a lift from the likes of Mr. Jones or a fake site out of Macedonia -perhaps claiming that Democrats are working with ISIS to use undocumentedimmigrants to poison local water supplies or some such.President Obama seemed to have had something like that in mind when he toldreporters in Germany on Thursday, "If we are not serious about facts and what'strue and what's not," and "if we can't discriminate between serious argumentsand propaganda, then we have problems."Mr. Obama knows of what he speaks. He had to muddle through the first wave ofthis.You might remember how his health care plan was marred by a false accusationthat the plan included so-called death panels that would decide who lived andwho died based on their "level of productivity to society," as former Gov. SarahPalin put it (on her Facebook page!).The false "death panel" allegation was partly based on proposals to reimbursedoctors for optional consultations with families over end-of-life caredecisions.The accusations took on such power that even Newt Gingrich signed on to thefalsehood despite the fact that he had previously expressed bullish support forend-of-life planning. (He explained himself in a 2009 letter to The New YorkTimes.)News organizations, including this one, debunked the myth. But the bill'sauthors stripped out the provision just the same. And by then the "death panel"fiction had negated any shot at a reasoned, ideological debate - you're joiningthe Democrats' plan to kill our infirm children and parents?!As Dan Pfeiffer, who was the president's chief communications strategist at thetime, so grimly put it to me last week, "The faux death panels were the canaryin the coal mine about the coming death of truth."Things have advanced since then. Today's fake news is limited only by theimaginations of its inventors and the number of shares it can garner on Facebookor Twitter.(To wit: The one million shares of the preposterous notion that Mrs. Clintonsecretly sold weapons to ISIS. BuzzFeed News - which has excelled atilluminating the fake news problem - highlighted that example in its alarminganalysis showing that during the campaign cycle fake news was shared amongFacebook users more often than real news was.)That's why people who care about the truth - citizens, journalists and, let'shope, social media giants like Facebook, too - will have to come up with asolution to this informational nihilism, fast.It's easier said than done. The combination of attacks seeking to delegitimizeserious news organizations and a drop in overall trust in the news media hasmade many people wary of legitimate fact-checking. And, as my colleague JohnHerrman noted last weekend, politicized voices can easily drown honestjournalism all too easily on social media.There is growing talk of an ambitious journalistic collaboration to beat backthe tide. Industry thinkers and leaders are coming together online to brainstormsolutions, as Jeff Jarvis, the City University of New York journalism professor,and Eli Pariser, the Upworthy co-founder, have done. (Check them out online.)And I'd say it's high time that television news - with its still-huge audiences- gets into the act with more than just token gestures at fact-checking.But this much seems clear: The moment calls for some sort of hyperfactualcounterinsurgency that treats every false meme as a baby Hitler to be killed inits crib with irrefutable facts.So hey, Zuck, let's roll.PHOTO: Journalists waited in the lobby of Trump Tower in New York on the eveningof Nov. 11. (PHOTOGRAPH BY RUTH FREMSON/THE NEW YORK TIMES) (B5)Related Articles     ·    How Fake News Goes Viral: A Case Study     ·    Fixation on Fake News Overshadows Waning Trust in Real Reporting     ·    Facebook Considering Ways to Combat Fake News, Mark Zuckerberg Says     ·    Facebook's Damage to Democracy     ·    Fake News in U.S. Election? Elsewhere, That's Nothing New