There is a huge push in our country to talk about the office of the UnitedStates president without any data. Example: there is a notion that the protestsabout the election of President-elect Donald Trump are unprecedented. WhenLincoln was declared the winner in 1860, nine states seceded from the Union. Ournation fought the Civil War.So far, our nation has not had any states quit but there is still time beforeTrump takes office. California is one state with citizens wanting to secede.They can't because they have spent themselves into the poor house and onlyfederal money can keep them going.California has overspent its budget by $127 billion. In round numbers that's$3,500 per every person, dog, cat and hamster in the state. So, California isnot going anywhere other than the poor house.New Mexico is over spending this year's budget by about $500 million. That'sabout $250 for every person, dog, cat and coyote.Our representatives in Santa Fe need to stop spending everything in the coffersthey can find and a little more each year. Restraint is needed.There is good news (hooray) and bad news (shuckins) as to the New Mexico budget.First the good news. It isn't hopeless like what is happening in California. Itcan be fixed and New Mexico can live within its means with effective managementfrom the representatives in Santa Fe.The bad news is that the solution will hurt. Some people will lose their jobsthrough no fault of their own. This cannot be helped. What has put New Mexico indire straits (not the band) was the election of Bill Richardson in 2002.Previously, Gov. Gary Johnson had New Mexico as one of only five states with arosy financial picture.But Bill Richardson came to New Mexico and the governorship with only one goal:to become the president of the United States. Every moment, action and taxdollar available was used to get Bill Richardson on the world's stage as atop-tier presidential contender. This push to get Richardson the presidentialnomination didn't come cheap.Richardson worked to be declared the "Education Governor" of the United States.He won that moniker which came with a propensity to hire lots of people into thepublic schools. This was supposed to make New Mexico No. 1 in educationnationally. Sadly, spending lots of New Mexico tax dollars didn't makeRichardson president nor did it lift New Mexico education.Worse, once people are hired they expect to keep their jobs. With the downturnof oil and gas revenue the state of New Mexico has less money available and mustdo something. Most of the quick cures have already been done so this time itmust be drastic. There are only two places to get this money.The first is to raise the gross receipts taxes substantially. In many places thegross receipts tax is above 7 percent. Taking it to 10 percent or more wouldcripple the economy. Don't look to corporate taxes since they are only about $90million a year.The only place left to really make a cut is education. To balance the budget,New Mexico needs to cut about 10 percent from education. This is despite theeducation mantra that it doesn't have enough money even now and need lots andlots more money.Most of the education budget is spent on people. That is why what must be cutare some of those people who were hired during the Richardson orgy of spending.There is one rule. Never fire or change the pay for teachers. The cuts must bewith administration and everything else such as the legions of consultants inschools.Shrink the administrative overhead to balance the budget. It can be done withoutharm to the students. The representatives will need to cut other things but themain thing is to cut education. Politically, that is almost impossible but thenext election is as far away as possible so maybe it can be done.Finally, quit spending everything the state has and a little more than the statehas each year. Don't turn our state into a California.Email: drswickard@comcast.net - Swickard's new novel, Hideaway Hills, isavailable at Amazon.com.Michael Swickard, Ph.D.