HIGHLIGHT: Rural America, even as it decries its economic weakness, has retainedelectoral strength beyond its numbers.Correction AppendedIn 1920, for the first time, the Census Bureau counted more people living inurbanized America than in the countryside. This hasn't been a rural nation eversince.Yet the idea of Thomas Jefferson's agrarian America has receded slowly despitedemographic change. We still romanticize the family farm, though relatively fewof them exist anymore. We view even suburbia in pastoral terms - the "crabgrassfrontier," as the historian Kenneth T. Jackson put it. And, as the recentElectoral College results make clear, we still live with political institutionsthat have baked in a distinctly pro-rural bias, by design.The Democratic candidate for president has now won the popular vote in six ofthe last seven elections. But in part because the system empowers rural states,for the second time in that span, the candidate who garnered the most votes willnot be president.Rural America, even as it laments its economic weakness, retains vastlydisproportionate electoral strength. Rural voters were able to nudge Donald J.Trump to power despite Hillary Clinton's large margins in cities like New York.In a House of Representatives that structurally disadvantages Democrats becauseof their tight urban clustering, rural voters helped Republicans hold theircushion. In the Senate, the least populous states are now more overrepresentedthan ever before. And the growing unity of rural Americans as a voting bloc hasconverted the rural bias in national politics into a potent Republicanadvantage."If you're talking about a political system that skews rural, that's not asimportant if there isn't a major cleavage between rural and urban votingbehavior," said Frances Lee, a professor of government and politics at theUniversity of Maryland. "But urban and rural voting behavior is so starklydifferent now so that this has major political consequences for who has power."And it's not just in terms of policy outcomes," she continued. "Thispervasively advantages Republicans in maintaining control of the U.S. nationalgovernment."The Electoral College is just one example of how an increasingly urban countryhas inherited the political structures of a rural past. Today, states containingjust 17 percent of the American population, a historic low, can theoreticallyelect a Senate majority, Dr. Lee said. The bias also shapes the House ofRepresentatives.It exists, as a result, in the formulas that determine where highway funds arespent or who gets Homeland Security dollars. It exists in state capitols, wherebills preferred by urban delegations have been much more likely tobe rejected.Today, the influence of rural voters also evokes deeply rooted ideals about whoshould have power in America. Jefferson and James Madison argued that thestrength of the nation would always derive from its agrarian soil."They had this vision of what they called the 'yeoman farmer': this independent,free-standing person who owed nothing to anybody, who didn't receive anypayments from the government, who didn't live by a wage, but who could supporthimself and his family on a farm growing everything they needed - and that thesewere the people who were going to be the backbone of democracy," said GeraldGamm, a political scientist at the University of Rochester, describing whatcould be the forefathers of the rural voters who tilted this year's election.When the framers of the Constitution were still debating the shape ofinstitutions we have today, 95 percent of America was rural, as the 1790 censusclassified the population. The Connecticut Compromise at the time created theSenate: one chamber granting equal voice to every state to counterbalance theHouse, where more populous states spoke louder.And they made sure the compromise stuck. Today, equal state representation inthe Senate is the only provision in the Constitution that remains singled outfor protection from the amendment process; no state can lose its full complementof senators without its permission.But even as a deliberately undemocratic body, the Senate has slipped further outof alignment with the American population over time.The Senate hasn't simply favored sparsely populated states; politicians inWashington created sparsely populated states to leverage the Senate's skewedpower."When we talk about small-state bias, all of that was an intentional policychoice," said Jowei Chen, a political scientist at the University of Michigan.Republicans in Congress passed the 1862 Homestead Act, offering free land tosettlers who would move to territories that would eventually become states -creating more Senate seats and Electoral College votes for a Republican Partyeager to keep government control away from Southern Democrats. They even managedto divide the Dakota Territory into two states, worth twice the political power.As the Plains later depopulated and American cities, then suburbs, swelled, theSenate became even more unrepresentative.Jeffersonian suspicion of big cities also appears in the sites of statecapitals: Albany and not New York; Jefferson City and not St. Louis; Springfieldand not Chicago. Political scientists at the University of California, Davis,have found that most state capitals were located near what was then thepopulation centroid of each state - typically closer to the geographical centerof the state, and not the place where the most people already lived, breakingwith how much of the world sited its capitals.The state legislatures there also grew significantly less representative asAmerica urbanized. In 1961, when lawyers in Tennessee brought what would be aseminal case before the Supreme Court challenging the practice, the statelegislature had not reapportioned its districts to reflect population change in60 years. Maryland was still using districts drawn in 1867.Even states that had constitutions requiring equal population districts wereignoring them. Florida, Georgia and New Mexico gave small counties 100 times thevoting power of the most populous ones. Decades ago in California, Amador County(population 14,294) had the same representation in the state's Senate as LosAngeles County (with a population over six million)."They justified it because that was a cultural norm; it was just the way thingswere," said Stephen Ansolabehere, a Harvard professor of government. Rurallegislators had no incentive to change a system that favored them. "They justlet it keep getting worse. You're in power. Why change?"By the mid-20th century, no state approximated majority rule. America at thetime, Dr. Ansolabehere and James M. Snyder Jr. wrote in their book "The End ofInequality," had some of the most unequal representation in the world. A seriesof Supreme Court cases beginning with that Tennessee complaint upended thissystem and established the standard that equal representation means "one person,one vote." Not one town, one vote. Or one county, one senator. Only the UnitedStates Senate, protected by the Constitution, remained unchanged.Still, the House retains a rural bias. Republican voters are more efficientlydistributed across the country than Democrats, who are concentrated in cities.That means that even when Democrats win 50 percent of voters nationwide, theyinvariably hold fewer than 50 percent of House seats, regardless of partisangerrymandering.The Electoral College then allocates votes according to a state's congressionaldelegation: Wyoming (with one House representative and two senators) gets threevotes; California (53 representatives and two senators) gets 55. Those twosenators effectively give Wyoming three times more power in the ElectoralCollege than its population would suggest. Apply the same math to California andit would have 159 Electoral College votes. And the entire state of Wyomingalready has fewer residents than the average California congressional district.In Washington, these imbalances directly influence who gets what, throughsmall-state minimums (no state can receive below a certain share of educationfunding) and through formulas that privilege rural states (early road spendingwas doled out in part by land area and not road use).There are policy reasons that the country might want to disproportionately spendresources on places with few people. Repairing an interstate highway in ruralOklahoma keeps national commerce flowing. And when the private market won'tbuild essential infrastructure, public investments like the New Deal's ruralelectrification help fight poverty.But even when you control for policy need, Dr. Lee's research has found that asignificant rural bias in resources persists. You can see it in HomelandSecurity funding that gave Wyoming, for example, seven times as much money percapita as New York after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. You can see it inAlaska's proposed "bridge to nowhere.""In that case," Dr. Ansolabehere said, "Alaska has so much disproportionatepower in the negotiation over funds that in order for California to get some,Alaska gets a lot - to the point of not knowing what to spend the money on."These calculations also mean that populous states subsidize less populous ones,which receive more resources than the tax dollars they send to Washington.The challenge for rural voters now is that their electoral strength, and eventhese funding formulas, have not translated into policies that have fixed thedeep economic problems they face, from high unemployment to declining wages. Andit's unclear how Mr. Trump will do that for them, either - even if his majorinfrastructure proposal comes to pass and helps rebuild their roads.If he can't, rural voters may stray from his party again. In that future, therural bias in American politics would persist. But Democrats might yet have achance to blunt its effects.The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy andeveryday life. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Sign up for our newsletter.Correction: November 24, 2016, ThursdayThis article has been revised to reflect the following correction: An Upshotarticle on Monday about the disproportionate voting power of rural statesreferred incorrectly to the Constitution's provision for equal staterepresentation in the Senate, the only provision that remains singled out forprotection from the amendment process. The provision may be amended, but onlywith the consent of any state whose representation would be reduced. It is notimpossible for the provision to be amended.PHOTOS: A crowded Coney Island beach in 1923. Tight urban clustering can dilutethe power of a vote. (PHOTOGRAPH BY ROBERT SENNECKE/ULLSTEIN BILD, VIA GETTYIMAGES) (A11); Census taking in the Dakotas in the 1880s. The Dakota Territorybecame two states, worth twice the political power. (PHOTOGRAPH BY D.F. BARRY,VIA LIBRARY OF CONGRESS) (A15)Related Articles     ·    The Election Highlighted a Growing Rural-Urban Split     ·    Why Republicans Don't Even Try to Win Cities Anymore     ·    Actually, Many 'Inner Cities' Are Doing Great