By Michael ReedDavisonIn 2016, Utahns made history: We took an independent presidential candidateseriously. With more than 20 percent of Utah's popular vote, Evan McMullin camecloser to winning electoral votes than any third-party candidate since RossPerot.But our imperfect one-or-the-other system remains. This year, it offered theAmerican public the two most disliked presidential candidates in polling history(based on favorability polls), and the swing states reluctantly chose DonaldTrump over Hillary Clinton.Yet tens of thousands of Utahns chose to vote for an unaffiliated candidate - a"protest" vote, in the words of Sen. Mike Lee, who said he voted for McMullin.Nationally, more than a million people voted for Jill Stein, and several millionfor Gary Johnson. Lacking another way for their beliefs to be represented, thesepeople chose to "vote their conscience" for a much less competitive candidate.Personal conscience and political strategy came into conflict for tens ofmillions. Still, many Americans concluded that the "lesser of two evils" was themost moral or practical choice, given a flawed system. In this way, our approachof choosing one "favorite" candidate pulls us into perpetual two-person races.What if it didn't have to be like this? What if we could have a real thirdchoice, every election?There's a simple answer: ranked-choice voting, a system Maine just voted intolaw. You rank your top three candidates, and the system counts up everyone'sfirst-choice votes. The candidate with the fewest votes gets eliminated, andtheir supporters' votes are transferred to their second choices. The leastpopular candidates are eliminated, one by one, until someone wins over 50percent of the vote. (This approach is sometimes called instant-runoff voting,preferential voting or a single transferable vote.)This means no one plays spoiler in a three-way race. If you favor Gary Johnsonbut would prefer Donald Trump and Evan McMullin to the other alternatives, youcan vote for Gary Johnson as your first choice - and if he gets eliminated, yourvote will be transferred to McMullin or Trump.Under this system, a nominee who is widely disliked among general voters - suchas Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton - must seek approval outside his or her corebase of supporters: ranked-choice voting aims to make it impossible to win withless than 50 percent of the popular vote.This approach has been tested by cities around the country, such as Minneapolisand San Francisco, and it works well. If the Republican primaries had used thissystem nationwide, Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz would have had a better shot at thepresidency, instead of splitting their supporters' vote among a variety ofmoderate, establishment and tea party Republicans.According to research cited by FairVote, ranked-choice voting tends to lead toless negativity in campaigns. Because candidates need to win the second-choicevotes of their competitors' supporters, they have a major incentive to avoidextremism and negativity. Imagine a political campaign where the candidates arereluctant to sling mud, where no one need choose between a protest vote and thelesser of two evils!It isn't perfect - democracy never is - but ranked-choice voting is the simplestway to move from a strict two-party system (or a one-party system, in manystates) to a stable, positive system that gives unaffiliated and third-partyvoters an equal voice. In our decentralized election system, states and citiesare the only place this reform can start. State Rep. Rebecca Chavez-Houck isalready drafting a bill to put this idea into action in Utah. Ask yourrepresentatives to give her their support, or ask your city to take the leadtoday.Michael Reed Davison is a father, an unaffiliated Utah voter and an MPA student.He enjoys data analysis and cooperative gaming.LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHPUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper