BEDMINSTER, N.J. -- President-elect Donald Trump said Sunday that he had "made acouple of deals" after spending the weekend meeting with a long list ofpotential administration appointees, but he did not reveal any more picks.Trump and the vice president-elect, Mike Pence, did drop some hints. Pence saidthat Mitt Romney was "under active and serious consideration" to become thenation's next secretary of state. Trump said retired Marine Corps Gen. JamesMattis was an "impressive" prospect for defense secretary."I think we have some really incredible people going to be working for thecountry,"SEE trump,  A7Trump said Sunday evening. "We really had some incredible meetings. You'll behearing about them soon."Among the visitors to the white-pillared clubhouse Sunday were Kansas Secretaryof State Kris Kobach, billionaire investor Wilbur Ross and retired Marine Gen.John Kelly, the former commander of U.S. Southern Command.Between conversations, Trump revealed he was making plans for transitioning hisfamily. He told reporters that his wife, Melania, and their 10-year-old son,Barron, would move to Washington when the school year ends.And Trump turned to Twitter to share some of his thinking. In between criticismsof "Saturday Night Live," the hit musical "Hamilton," and Democrats, he wrotethat, "General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis, who is being considered for secretary ofdefense, was very impressive yesterday. A true General's General!"The comments were indications that Trump is looking outside his immediate circleas he works toward rounding out his foreign policy and national security teams.On Friday, he named a loyalist, retired Gen. Michael Flynn, as his nationalsecurity adviser.Romney, the former Massachusetts governor and 2012 GOP presidential contender,and Trump exchanged bitter insults during the campaign, and Mattis has not beenconsidered a Trump confidante. The appointment of more establishment figurescould offer some reassurance to lawmakers and others concerned about Trump'shard-line positions on immigration and national security and his lack of foreignpolicy experience.Trump told reporters Sunday that one of his most loyal and public allies, formerNew York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, was also a prospect for secretary of state "andother things." Giuliani at one point had been considered for attorney general,but Trump gave that job to Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama.The businessman and president-elect also apparently was considering options tolead the Commerce Department, meeting with Ross."Time will tell," Ross told reporters when asked if he wanted a post.More meetings are on Trump's Monday schedule. His transition team said formerTexas governor and GOP presidential rival Rick Perry was expected to meet withTrump on Monday.But even as Trump and his team discussed pressing issues facing the country andhow to staff the incoming administration, the president-elect's Twitter feedsuggested other issues too were on his mind.His targets Sunday included retiring Democratic leader Harry Reid. Trump tweetedthat incoming Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer, another media-savvy NewYorker, was "far smarter" than Reid and "has the ability to get things done."Trump also complained that "Saturday Night Live," which thrives on making fun ofpoliticians, is "biased" and not funny. The night before, actor Alec Baldwinportrayed Trump as Googling, "What is ISIS?"Trump also insisted again that the cast and producers of "Hamilton" shouldapologize after the lead actor addressed Pence from the stage Friday night,telling the vice president-elect that "diverse America" was "alarmed andanxious." Pence said on CBS's "Face the Nation" that he wasn't offended.Trump started filling key administration positions on Friday, picking AlabamaSen. Jeff Sessions for attorney general and Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo to head theCIA, signaling a sharp rightward shift in U.S. security policy as he begins toform his Cabinet. Trump also named retired Lt. Gen Michael Flynn as his nationalsecurity adviser.Trump's initial decisions suggest a more aggressive military involvement incounterterror strategy and a greater emphasis on Islam's role in stokingextremism. Sessions, who is best known for his hard line immigration views, hasquestioned whether terrorist suspects should benefit from the rights availablein U.S. courts. Pompeo has said Muslim leaders are "potentially complicit" inattacks if they do not denounce violence carried out in the name of Islam.Pompeo's nomination to lead the CIA also opens the prospect of the U.S. resumingtorture of detainees. Trump has backed harsh interrogation techniques thatPresident Barack Obama and Congress have banned, saying the U.S. "should gotougher than waterboarding," which simulates drowning. In 2014, Pompeocriticized Obama for "ending our interrogation program" and said intelligenceofficials "are not torturers, they are patriots."Sessions and Pompeo would both require Senate confirmation; Flynn would not.From Page A1President-elect Donald Trump gives the thumbs-up Saturday as Mitt Romney leavesTrump National Golf Club Bedminster in Bedminster, N.J. The Associated PressInvestor Wilbur Ross waves Sunday as he arrives to meet with President-electDonald Trump at the Trump National Golf Club Bedminster clubhouse. TheAssociated Press photosPresident-elect Donald Trump and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani pose Sundayfor photographs as Giuliani arrives at the Trump National Golf Club Bedminsterclubhouse in Bedminster, N.J.President-elect Donald Trump greets New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie Sunday as hearrives at the Trump National Golf Club Bedminster clubhouse. The AssociatedPress