Nov. 20--In a word, the reason presidential candidate Donald Trump did so wellamong many Luzerne County voters is this: fear.Fear remains among the most powerful of human motivators, and the Republicanmasterfully capitalized on it throughout his campaign, particularly during thedoomsday scenario painted at the political party's convention in Ohio."Our convention occurs at a moment of crisis for our nation," Trump said in theopening moments of his July speech to accept the GOP's nomination. "The attackson our police, and the terrorism in our cities, threaten our very way of life."His dark tone, even more than the comparatively chipper "Make America greatagain," spoke to large numbers of people in Northeastern Pennsylvania andelsewhere, an audience eager for a savior.Certainly, fear doesn't account for all of the support Trump received. Manyvoters routinely enter their polling places and pick only the Republicans, oronly the Democrats, no matter what. Others presumably were drawn this time tothe glib billionaire because of a single issue (such as his supposed businessacumen or avowed pro-life stance). Still others preferred, and understandablyso, to vote for someone far removed from the old political power structure.Yet a nearly palpable fear in Luzerne County no doubt propelled many people topush the button for Trump, swaying the final results in his favor. His rhetorichit all the categories:--Fear for personal safety. (Remember the record number of deadly shootings inWilkes-Barre three years ago? Voters do.)--Fear of the outsider and the unknown. (Why should we, some of the WyomingValley's longtime residents ask, make room for Syrians? Or Latinos?)--Fear of job loss and economic uncertainty. (What happens if I'm let go thisweek?)People hungry for stability in their lives heard the ominous campaign speeches,evaluated their personal feelings and circumstances, and gravitated to thecandidate who promised -- like a doting parent -- to make them safe. Trump, theybelieve, is a protector of their families and the familiar.Certain Democrats and Independents, who are no less susceptible to the power offear, say they are scared of what a Trump presidency might mean. Liberal groupswill harness the emotion to try to influence people's actions, pushing theiragendas.Enough already! When will Americans correct our collective psyche, putting fearin its rightful place? That's an argument we repeatedly have made on this pagefor the better part of decade. From an opinion piece printed in December 2013,here's what we said:For too long, arguably since Sept. 11, 2001, we've been motivated more by fearthan any other emotion. Not curiosity. Not determination. Not gratitude. Notpride.And certainly not hope.The financial crash of 2008 only made matters worse, ruining too many people'slivelihoods and wrecking dreams. Plus, as many Northeastern Pennsylvaniaresidents can attest, this region has more than its share of naysayers who can'tseem to ever acknowledge a silver lining because they'd rather curse the cloud.Their ranks have been bolstered in recent years as real troubles -- naturaldisasters, economic crises and crimes of the white collar and street varieties-- conspired to deflate our plans, trample our trust.Hope took a bruising.But it shouldn't be neglected here any longer, and certainly not abandoned.Without a healthy dose of hope, we will cease to solve our problems, to betterour circumstances, to attain goals (personal or public), to live to our fullpotentials. If we don't instill hope in our children, we will fail them, too.Don't give in to fear.Go forward each day with hope.___ (c)2016 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Times Leader(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at www.timesleader.com Distributed by Tribune ContentAgency, LLC.LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHACC-NO: 20161120-WB-EDITORIAL-Allow-hope-to-supplant-your-fears-1120-20161120PUBLICATION-TYPE: NewspaperJOURNAL-CODE: WB