Over the past few decades, party loyalty has been the defining feature ofnational politics. Especially in the House but even in the Senate, membersdeferred to their party leaders. Congress as a whole deferred to the presidency.Members of the president's own party acted as his foot soldiers. Members of theother party acted as his opposition.But Donald Trump's victory smashes all that. He is hostile to the Republicanestablishment. His proposals cut across orthodox partisan lines.As Bill Kristol told me, the coming Congress may not look like the recentCongresses, when party-line voting was the rule. A vote on an infrastructurebill may look very different from a vote on health care or education or foreignpolicy. This may be a Congress with many caucuses - floating coalitions ratherthan just follow-the-leader obedience.Meanwhile, as Christopher DeMuth wrote recently in The Wall Street Journal,committee chairmen may reassert authority against the executive branch. Trump'sauthoritarian style represents an assault on the traditional separation ofpowers. He may end up energizing all those constitutional forms and practices hestands against.What's about to happen in Washington may be a little like the end of the ColdWar - bipolarity gives way to multipolarity. A system dominated by twoparty-line powers gives way to a system with a lot of different power centers.Instead of just R's and D's, there will be a Trump-dominated populistnationalism, a more libertarian Freedom Caucus, a Bernie Sanders/ElizabethWarren progressive caucus, a Chuck Schumer/Nancy Pelosi Democratic old guard.The most important caucus formation will be in the ideological center. There's alot of room between the alt-right and the alt-left, between Trumpianauthoritarianism and Sanders socialism.Until now, people in that space have been slow to create donor networks, slow toform think tanks, slow to build coalitions of moderate legislators. But suddenlythere's a flurry of activity between the extremes.For example, Bill Kristol and Bill Galston have worked in the White Houses ofdifferent parties and had voted for the opposite presidential candidates inevery election for four decades. But Trump has reminded them how much they agreeon the fundamentals.The two Bills have now issued a joint statement calling for "a New Center." It'sa defense of the basic institutions and practices of our constitutional order,which now seem under assault. It's an attempt to learn from the election resultsand craft a governing philosophy that people of different parties can rallyaround.That's in the realm of ideas. In the realm of organization there's also a flurryof activity. David Burstein's group, Run for America, is recruiting a newgeneration of political candidates.The most active centrist organization, No Labels, began six years ago inopposition to polarized, cutthroat politics. The problem with the group backthen was that there was no future to a political movement whose first name is"No." You have to be for something.But under the leadership of its undeterrable co-founder, Nancy Jacobson, NoLabels has evolved. It created a package of reform ideas to make Congress andthe executive branch work together. It created an active congressional caucus,called the Problem Solvers Caucus, which now has 80 members, divided roughlyevenly between both parties.It has been building grass-roots activities, which have so far engaged 1 millionpeople. It created a "super PAC" so that members of Congress who vote ascentrists can get some political protection. It recently published a policyplaybook with 60 proposals to create jobs, reform the tax code, balance thebudget and secure entitlement programs.Going forward, moderates face four big challenges. First, deepen a positivenational vision that is not merely a positioning between left and right. Second,elevate a new generation of political leaders so the movement is not just aretread of retired establishment types.Third, build a mass movement of actual voters, not just financiers andthink-tank johnnies. Fourth, have the courage to stand together as a swinglegislative caucus, when the pressure from the party leaderships becomesintense.It's an uphill climb, but this is a fertile moment. The Trump/Sanders era isgoing to create new opposition blocs, filled with people who never thought theywould be working together.Moreover, the future of this country is not going to be found in protecting jobsthat are long gone or in catering to the fears of aging whites. There is araging need for a movement that embraces economic dynamism, global engagementand social support - that is part Milton Friedman on economic policy, RonaldReagan on foreign policy and Franklin Roosevelt on welfare policy.The new center will probably start as a legislative caucus with members of bothparties. Where it goes from there is anybody's guess.David Brooks writes a syndicated column for the New York Times.