Nov. 20--FARMINGTON -- The barren landscape surrounding this city of 45,000 iscontoured with unpaved roads built to tap into what until a few years ago wasone of the nation's most productive oil and gas basins. Tall rigs once could beseen in the distance exhaling spiraling plumes of fire and gas into theatmosphere, a practice that over time helped to form a thick film of methane gasthat still hangs in the air above the Four Corners.Environmentalists have called this an environmental crisis. It is the largestconcentration of the potent greenhouse gas in the United States, which not onlycontributes to a rapidly warming climate but to an increased risk of respiratoryailments and some cancers for populations exposed to it.Still, when residents here and in surrounding San Juan County went to the pollsNov. 8, they overwhelmingly voted for Republican President-elect Donald Trump,who has promised to revitalize the struggling fossil fuel industry throughwide-scale deregulation and untrammeled federal land leasing. The vote wasn'tsurprising -- this county traditionally votes Republican in presidentialelections. But as the number of idle wells dotting the terrain here has steadilyincreased since oil prices crashed in 2014, Trump's economic promises struck achord."Putting the men and women back to work will be huge," said Mary McDonald, 56,who manages an apartment complex in nearby Aztec called Miss Gail's thatfrequently caters to oil and gas workers. Since the downturn, she said, morerenters have to split up payment of their rent, and few can afford to put down adeposit when they sign a lease."They can't feed their kids or themselves," she said. "Something has to happen."As Trump prepares to take office in January, communities like Farmington couldfind themselves staging grounds in the clash between his economic and energypolicies and environmental threats, including climate change. Trump has promisedto roll back nearly every clean energy and climate policy enacted during theObama administration. His "America First" energy plan would end what he callsthe war on coal, provide open access to public lands and waters for mineralextraction, and revamp the Environmental Protection Agency. Climate change wasdeclared a national security threat by the U.S. Department of Defense last year.But on the campaign trail, Trump called climate change a "hoax" and conspiracytheory.Conservationists say facing off against the Trump administration will beequivalent to environmental warfare, but many in the energy business see thepresident-elect's policies as a saving grace after years of industry decline.New Mexico is a particularly vulnerable area when it comes to environmentalregulation. In addition to the methane cloud hovering over the Four Corners, thestate is home to some of the largest oil and gas fields in the country. It hasvast, but largely unused, coal reserves. And with its expansive deserts andabundant sunshine, the state has potential to be a national leader in cleanenergy.Some state politicians and energy groups in New Mexico say the Obamaadministration has hurt business. Gov. Susana Martinez has expressed skepticismabout climate change and has pushed for business-friendly environmentalregulations."Just give us a moratorium, a breather," said Rep. James Strickler,R-Farmington, a petroleum "landman" who acquires mineral rights for oil and gasexploration. "We are being put out of business by unnecessary regulations."But others say the ideology of the next administration has the potential tosavage the land, sacred space and people of New Mexico through aggressivenatural resource extraction, without concern for the environmental or healthimpacts."This is going to be, from the conservation standpoint, the fight of our lives.I think everything's on the table; everything's for sale," said GarrettVeneKlasen, executive director of the New Mexico Wildlife Federation and alifelong Republican until this election.The oil and gas industryStrickler said Obama's energy policies are not working. "There is strong supportfor change up in San Juan County, and that is why they voted overwhelmingly forTrump," he said.While Democrat Hillary Clinton won New Mexico, Trump support surged in oil-richareas, earning 60 percent of votes in San Juan and 70 percent in Eddy County.The oil and gas industry is undergoing its largest downturn in more than twodecades. In San Juan County, nearly 6,000 jobs have evaporated and 11,000residents have left since 2010, leaving the population at about 119,000,according to the latest U.S. Census Bureau estimates. Energy giantConocoPhillips announced this week it plans to sell its assets in the county.Strickler attributes this in part to regulations adopted this year by thefederal Bureau of Land Management and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.The regulations require oil and gas operators to curb flaring and venting of oilrigs and mandate leak-capture measures.Jason Espinoza, president of the New Mexico Association of Commerce andIndustry, also said Trump policies could help the energy industry. The NewMexico Oil and Gas Association declined to comment for this story.Trump's "America First" energy plan promises the United States will gain energyindependence by tapping into $50 trillion of untouched shale, oil and naturalgas reserves, as well as coal. He pledges to simplify the leasing process fordevelopment on federal lands and remove other regulatory hurdles, creating jobsand making energy more affordable.But prices for natural gas are directly related to supply. Increasing productionwill keep prices unsustainably low for producers, according to policymakers andconservation advocates.Environmental groups and many state and federal lawmakers also have applaudedthe Obama administration's climate initiatives and methane-capture regulations.Methane is a potent greenhouse gas, second only to carbon dioxide, and trapsheat in the atmosphere. It also has been linked to severe asthma and elevatedcancer risks. The rules are intended to reduce these effects.U.S. Sen. Tom Udall, D-N.M., said he and other members of Congress are preparedto push back against many of Trump's promises, including overturning the methanerules."I'm very concerned by the poorly conceived energy policies Donald Trumpadvocated during his campaign, as well as his lack of concern about the impactglobal warming is already having on New Mexico communities," Udall said. "If heoversteps, he can guarantee that I will be there to fight him every step of theway."Ben Shelton, political director for Conservation Voters New Mexico, said moreoil and gas production will hurt the state by reducing prices. State governmentrelies heavily on taxes from oil and gas production."That just means that New Mexico's financial woes are going to continue,"Shelton said. He also said the state may face rising health care costs relatedto environmental pollution."San Juan's heavily Latino and Native community downwind of the methane hot spotis already impacted by health issues," and these will worsen with lessenvironmental regulation, he said.Congressman Steve Pearce, R-N.M., and Republican State Land Commissioner AubreyDunn, who oversees oil and gas drilling on state land, opposed themethane-capture regulations, saying they would be harmful to industry.Coal countryIn August 2015, the EPA launched the Clean Power Plan, a carbon-reductioninitiative for power plants, which contribute 31 percent of all greenhousegases, according to the agency. Under the plan, fossil fuel-burning plants mustinstitute pollution-capture measures for low- or zero-emission production.Obama also halted all new coal mining leases on federal land in January.Trump has pledged to roll back these actions, gaining supporters in strugglingcoal communities nationwide.Mitch Knapton, Peabody Energy's operations manager in Grants, who overseas astaff of 200 at the El Segundo coal mine, said, "We are hopeful that Trump willpush coal more than the other administration."He said that while the coal market has been cyclical throughout his 30 years inthe industry, increased regulations and the development of renewable energyoptions have particularly hurt."A lot of the other people [in the state] don't really understand how theirelectricity gets to them and how important coal is to that piece of the pie," hesaid.But coal mining faces larger challenges than regulation. The demand for coal hasplummeted internationally because of the low price of natural gas and theincreased interest in renewable or other energy options, including nuclear,solar and wind power. A number of large coal producers have filed for bankruptcyin the past year, even before the Obama administration's regulations tookeffect.Peabody sought to sell its two New Mexico mines this year, but when the dealfailed, the company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, leading to layoffs in thestate.Jeremy Nichols, climate and energy director for WildEarth Guardians, saidencouraging more coal mining won't revive the industry. "They are mortallywounded," he said. "The coal industry is dying regardless of any environmentalregulation and there is nothing getting in the way of their enterprise."Nichols said it's unlikely Trump can revitalize coal, but increased mining couldhave devastating implications for the environment if pollution regulations arerelaxed."If he does what he says, it will be an unimaginable catastrophe for the entireAmerican West," Nichols said. "We are going to have to meet him head on and doeverything possible to rally New Mexico."Nichols said he also worries about how the Trump administration will affectefforts to close the Public Service Company of New Mexico's San Juan GeneratingStation. The company has agreed to shutter two of its four coal-burning units,replacing the energy with nuclear power, natural gas and some wind and solar.Pahl Shipley, a spokesman for the company, said PNM worked with the EPA and thestate to meet existing requirements under the federal Clean Air Act and thereare no plans to change the agreement under a new administration. He said, "Itwould put New Mexico in a good position to comply with the Clean Power Plan,should it stand."Renewable energy and climate changeNichols and other environmentalists say the stakes of Trump's policies arehighest when it comes to global warming. While many are confident they can workon the state level to maintain energy conservation policies, climate changerequires national collaboration, they say."We got the wind knocked out of us," Nichols said. "The time for action wasyesterday."By causing record high temperatures, climate change in New Mexico is projectedto create grave water shortages and result in widespread wildfires. Scientistsat Los Alamos National Laboratory said in a 2013 study that the state could losethe majority of its forests by 2050 as a result of climate change and drought.Trump told Fox News in 2015, "We'll be fine with the environment. ... You can'tdestroy businesses."He said he will withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement, apledge by 193 countries and other signatories to reduce carbon emissions in thecoming decades. Trump appointed Myron Ebell, a vocal climate change denier, tospearhead the transition work at the EPA.New Mexico hasn't had a climate change task force at the state level sinceMartinez took office in 2011. The city of Santa Fe launched a task force in2014. Federal tax credits provide rebates for businesses and individuals whoinvest in solar and wind energy, but Martinez vetoed an effort to extend thestate credit in 2015. The Martinez administration declined comment for thisstory.U.S. Sen. Martin Heinrich, D-N.M., said Trump will get rid of the federal credit"over my dead body.""Irrespective of the fact that Donald Trump is going to be in the White House,those projects are going to move forward," he said.Heinrich said, "The toothpaste is already out of the tube" for renewable energyprojects, and projects like wind farms are not only in demand, but create wealthfor communities."What he is really up against is not the Obama administration policy so much asa changing set of economics," he added, saying Trump has made promises he won'tbe able to keep.Regina Wheeler, CEO of Positive Energy Solar, said the industry is hopeful Trumpwill see the economic value of solar as a job creator and will support solarpolicy. Solar sales have gone up since the election, she said.Back in Farmington, there is concern about the environment, especially amongpeople who voted for Clinton. But others, like McDonald, who owns the apartmentcomplex, are putting their trust in Trump to create jobs and protect the waterand the air."I am sure he'll come up with a plan because he's a good businessman," she said,"and that's what I have hope in him for."Staci Matlock contributed to this report.Contact Rebecca Moss at 505-986-3011 or rmoss@sfnewmexican.com___ (c)2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe NewMexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by TribuneContent Agency, LLC.LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHACC-NO:20161120-SF-Trump-s-policies-could-have-deep-impact-on-oil-rich-New-Mexico-1120-20161120PUBLICATION-TYPE: NewspaperJOURNAL-CODE: SF