By Lawrence D. BlumI am a psychoanalyst, and my patients have taught me something about the recentpresidential election that the pundits are not talking about: the politicalparties are gendered. The Republican party is masculine, and the Democraticparty is feminine.A young gay lawyer talked with wonder about the fact that he used to try to be aloyal member of the Republican party, despite its hostility toward gay rights.He felt that by adhering to the GOP, with its embrace of guns, violence, andeconomic self-interest, he would bolster his then-tenuous sense of masculinity.A professor from Mexico told me that Latinas voted for Donald Trump insurprising numbers, given his efforts to alienate them. She immediatelysuggested an explanation: In the Hispanic macho culture in which she grew up,women find self-important, macho men attractive, even when the women know it'sjust bluster. Trump, she pointed out, represents the party of self-aggrandizingmen, who figuratively wave their genitalia around for others to see.Hearing my patients' inner thoughts leads me to a conclusion that as apsychoanalyst I should perhaps have anticipated. Along with the many otherimportant factors that influence voters (the economy, the environment, civilrights, immigration, etc.), there is the phallus, and the advantage goes towhomever appears to possess one. It's only a fantasy? No matter, it's aninfluential one.Recognizing that the GOP is the party of masculinity leads to consideration ofthe Democratic party as the feminine party. The human unconscious has nohesitation about gender stereotyping, and the description fits. The Democraticparty has been much more interested in taking care of others, a traditionallymore feminine concern, than has the GOP. It is the party that has advocated forhealth insurance, parental leave, unemployment insurance, Social Security, andfood stamps - the party of the welfare state, the giving mother.A great deal of data suggests that this largesse is much appreciated by mostAmericans, as long as it is going to people they see as being like themselves.If it benefits people of color or immigrants, however, many white Americansreact as though they are older siblings watching favors being showered upon theinferior, undeserving younger siblings of the American family. They becomefurious with an unfair, irresponsible mother, represented by the Democraticparty. (Republican-driven welfare programs for corporations seem to be immune tothis sort of criticism.)Phallic power can be attributed to women as well as men. For example, Britain'sMargaret Thatcher and Germany's Angela Merkel both became popular heads ofstate; it is no coincidence that both were perceived to be tough women, "ironladies." But Hillary Clinton did not run as an "iron lady." She failed toconvince voters that she would wave a magic wand for their collective benefit.For many, her perceived lack of anger and fight, her skilled neutrality, feltdisappointing, suggesting the possession of no magic at all. Nor did she draw onthe traditional emotional strength of the Democratic party, as she did notsucceed in convincing voters that she would be a loving, giving mother who wouldtake care of them. No wishful, hopeful fantasy was conveyed - just carefulattention to reality.When faced with threat, anxiety, and uncertainty, people want the benefit ofphallic magic. In our shared, vital, fantasy world not having or receiving itleaves us in a sorry state. For that reason, it seems clear that many voterswere willing to forgive Donald Trump his remarkable (and abusive) phallicexcesses in the hope of benefiting from his presumed phallic magic.There is a broader lesson to be learned from this election. Issues may beimportant. Reality may be important. But reality seldom trumps fantasy. If theDemocrats want to improve their chances in the next election, they will need topay more attention to voter psychology, especially to unconscious feelings andfantasies.The party that has the most immediate connection to voter emotion, andparticipates most skillfully in voter fantasy, has a tremendous advantage. Wevoters may be adults, but we are also irrational children, fervently hoping theWizard of Oz will be real.Lawrence D. Blum, M.D., is a psychiatrist and psychoanalyst in private practicein Philadelphia. He teaches at the Psychoanalytic Center of Philadelphia and atthe University of Pennsylvania. ldb@lawrenceblum.com