"Let's take our country back!"The first time I remember hearing that expression was in 2004. I'm certain ofthe year because it was repeated - either by me or a local university professor- during a weekly panel discussion that was being televised during apresidential campaign.The only year that fits those details is 2004, and in 2004 this off-puttingexpression was coming from John Kerry supporters: They were going to take theircountry back!"From whom?" I quipped. "Aliens?""Exactly!" the professor gloated.The gleam in his eye told me he thought he'd won the volley, but to my way ofthinking, I had. He had revealed exactly what he thought of what turned out tobe, weeks later, a decisive majority of American voters.In the 2016 election cycle, the roles were reversed. In a brief post-electionrumination for the Nov. 21 edition of The New Yorker, comedian Larry Wilmoreexpresses his chagrin at hearing supporters of Donald Trump (the "mangoMussolini") chant "Take our country back" and "Make America great again."Though he is mere months older than I am, Mr. Wilmore apparently doesn'tremember the Democrats' chants in the 2004 election cycle, so he ascribes 2016attitudes to racism rather than to partisanship."I wondered who they thought had stolen their country," he writes. "Well, thechief suspect lives at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. It appears that Obama's biggestmistake was P.W.B., Presidenting While Black."So does that mean George W. Bush's mistake, inciting Democrats' chants, wasPresidenting While Texan?No, every eight- or 12-year period delivers a course correction to Washington,D.C. It has ever been thus. But the more extreme the "base" of both partiesbecomes, the wider the pendulum's swing and the more polarizing the accompanyingrhetoric. Mr. Wilmore's words don't seem aimed at closing the chasm.*The same day I saw his essay I also opened a fundraising letter from theBenjamin Harrison Presidential Site - the 23rd president's home and museum inIndianapolis.In Harrison's day, the stately brick house was a quiet country retreat, buttoday it is near the city's bustling convention center and sees 27,000 visitorsper year.On the back of the letter was nothing but three small photos of various tourgroups - and a quote from Harrison that seems carefully chosen for thesefractious times."The flag cannot stand for the benevolent policies of an administration. Itstands for more permanent things - for things that changing administrations haveno power to change."These words, and another of Harrison's thoughts on the necessity of hope to the"good citizen," reveal him to be quite an optimist. Today, each faction fearsthat the opposing side's administration does, in fact, have the power to changethings we had thought were permanent, and this fear escalates the rancor of ourpolitical discourse.From his single term in the 1890s, Harrison couldn't have foreseen the vastexpansion of the federal government and the way in which an unresponsive,metastasizing bureaucracy can whittle away at our liberty.But he is right that the flag stands for permanent things, transcendent things -ideals we should honor and strive to preserve. Doing so would require humility,something that has been in short supply in D.C. for a very long time.*We cannot preserve the good if we won't call true evil what it is when we seeit. Our nation's changing administrations have often stood in stark contrast butrarely more so than this weekend, at the death of Fidel Castro.The outgoing administration's statement focused on continued outreach to Cuba(that is, on President Barack Obama's legacy) and was therefore determinedlyconciliatory in tone - to the point of farce: "History will record and judge theenormous impact of this singular figure [Castro] on the people and world aroundhim."Imagine an American president saying that about another of the past century'sdespots - Stalin, Hitler, Mao, Pol Pot, Amin, Saddam Hussein, Assad. . ThatCastro killed fewer people and ravaged a smaller country doesn't make hisvictims' suffering any less tragic and real.How many more decades will be required for history to judge Castro? None. A massmurderer is dead.Donald Trump's statement balanced hope for the people of Cuba with unvarnishedtruth about what they have suffered - and who caused it.I did not vote for either of these presidents, but thank God for some necessaryand timely truth-telling. More of that, and only that, please.