While the challenges of the GOP -- its long-term demographic difficulties, itserratic leadership, the bitter struggle for its ideological soul -- are obscuredby victory, the problems of the Democratic Party are on full display.The losing party would be foolish to minimize the scale of its politicalfailure. Hillary Clinton proved incapable of defeating a reality television hostwhom more than 60 percent of Americas viewed as unfit to be president. It isperhaps the most humiliating moment in the long history of Mr. Jefferson'sparty. But the effect is more than reputational. The Democratic candidate andher team could not protect America from a serious risk to its ideals andinstitutions by an untested and unstable novice who flirted withauthoritarianism and made enough gaffes on an average Tuesday to sink a normalpresidential campaign.But here is the largest, long-term Democratic challenge: It has become aprovincial party. It is highly concentrated in urban areas and clings to thecoasts. But our constitutional system puts emphasis on holding geography,particularly in the House of Representatives and the Electoral College. It isdifficult for Democrats to prevail from isolated islands of deep blue. In 2012,President Obama won the presidency with fewer than 700 counties out of more than3,000 in America -- a historical low. Clinton carried a little over 500 -- about15 percent of the total.This is another way of saying that the Democratic candidate for president can'tprevail -- at least at the moment -- when she receives less than 30 percent ofthe vote from the white, non-college educated Americans who live in the spacesbetween the cities. Most of these voters were not examining public policy andcalculating their interests -- except in the vague sense that they don't likesending American jobs abroad and don't want anyone messing with their SocialSecurity. They were convinced that Trump has their back. Democrats have becomeestranged from white, working-class America.What are the Democratic options moving forward? First, there is the BernieSanders option -- a leftist populism that amounts to democratic socialism. Thismight be called the Jeremy Corbyn option, after the leftist leader of theBritish Labour Party who has ideologically purified his party into politicalirrelevance. Second, is the Joe Biden option -- a liberalism with a sustainedoutreach to union members and other blue-collar workers while showing a Catholicreligious sensibility on issues of social justice. Third, is the option ofdoubling down on the proven Barack Obama option, which requires a candidate whocan excite rather than sedate the Obama-era base.Democrats should not overlearn the lessons of a close election. Option No. 3 isthe Democratic future on the presidential level. Clinton was correct to appealto a slightly modified version of the Obama coalition (fewer African-Americanand millennial voters, but more support from Latinos and college-educatedwomen). She simply could not pull it off. For the foreseeable future, Democratswill also need a dash of No. 2, including a more accommodating attitude towardreligion and associational rights. In this election, evangelicals and whiteCatholics sensed real hostility to their institutions from law schoolliberalism.There is a serious prospect, however, that Democrats will choose No. 1. If so,America would cease to have a center-left party and a center-right party. Bothradicalized institutions would exaggerate our national differences, and thecause of national unity would be damaged even further.