HIGHLIGHT: Elected officials have promised workers nice pensions based onwishful thinking. Now, localities across the United States are facing problems,and the latest to be grappling with them is Dallas.The scenario: elected officials promising workers nice pensions based on wishfulthinking. Sound familiar?It is a problem faced across the United States, and the next victim couldbeDallas. The city's mayor said it appeared to be "walking into the fan blades"of municipal bankruptcy.Its pension fund for police officers and firefighters is near collapse and isseeking an immense bailout.How can this be when Dallas has the fastest economic growth of the 13 largestcities in the country?Panicked local retirees have pulled $220 million from the fund in the last sixweeks after a recommendation that they no longer be allowed to take out bigblocks of money.Even before that, there were reports that the fund's investments were worth lessthan stated.Senator John Whitmire, a Democrat who has been in the statehouse since 1973,recalled enthusiastically voting in 1993 for the plan that sent the pension fundon its ill-fated quest for investment returns of 9 percent."We all know some of the benefits, guaranteed, were just probably neverrealistic," he said. "It was good while it lasted, but we've got some seriousfinancial problems because of it."Italy's Slow-Motion CrisisHere's a puzzle for you:1. Europe may never regain economic vigor if Italy's banks are in a state ofperpetual emergency.2. Italy's banks cannot get healthy without economic growth.3. Italy's economy can't grow without healthy banks.What's the solutionThe country's banks have muddled through for years, but with the economy soweak, bad loans have festered and good loans have deteriorated. Nearly a fifthof loans in the system - worth nearly $400 billion - are classified as troubledby the International Monetary Fund.If this also sounds like a familiar theme, that's because it's a longstandingproblem and one that affects the rest of Europe. Italy's troubled loansrepresent about 40 percent of all the bad loans within the eurozone.But, "banking is a symptom, not the cause," says Ignazio Visco, the governor ofthe Bank of Italy.He argues that the bulk of Italy's bad debt is backed by collateral and most ofthe remainder has a solid chance of turning into collectible debt.Economists, however, are unconvinced.They say banks prop up zombie companies that will never repay their loans,extending just enough credit to keep them current on their debts.Change in the AirThis year's presidential election could be remembered as a pivotal moment forthe markets, which have been given the impetus to solidify deeper trends thatwere already underway.A revaluation of a wide range of assets and securities has been taking place.But traders are making educated guesses and if they turn out to be wrong, themarket could turn upside down again.What does this mean for most long-term investors? Broad diversification, JeffSommer writes. Simple balanced portfolios of stocks and bonds have barely movedsince the election.Against the backdrop of the swerves and shifts happening in markets, that maycount as an achievement.Quotation of the Day"You don't need a crazy technical background to do this job. A lot of thetraining is getting really good at talking to people."- Genny Lopez, a contractor handling tech support calls for Apple. The companyis unlikely to produce iPhones in the United States but it is providingemployment for working-class Americans who lack college degrees.Coming UpThe $48 billion mega-merger between Anthem and Cigna goes to trial. The JusticeDepartment is challenging the deal and the drama has been heightened as thecompanies have accused each other of breaching the merger agreement. Decisionsabout this case and the deal between Aetna and Humana are expected beforePresident-elect Donald J. Trump takes office, but his administration could havea major say if either side decided to appeal the decision.Mario Draghi, president of the European Central Bank, will answer questions atthe European Parliament. He is likely to be asked about the effect of Mr.Trump's presidency on the eurozone.Follow Amie Tsang on Twitter @amietsang.Related Articles     ·    Italy's Banks Are in a Slow-Motion Crisis. And Europe May Pay.     ·    It's Not Just the White House. Change Is in the Air on Wall St., Too     ·    Dallas Stares Down a Texas-Size Threat of Bankruptcy