People suffer under Republican agenda"We the People" could suffer according to the article "Rep. Wagner supportsTrump, ready to roll back regulations" (Nov. 18). Having received over areported $400,000 from the financial services industry, she is still trying toreverse an administration regulation designed to protect us from unscrupulousinvestment advisers.In the same edition are two other articles on the subject. First, Edward Jonesis being sued by present and former employees who contend the company chose a401(k) provider who is helping enrich the employer at the expense of theemployees - the exact regulation Rep. Wagner wants to eliminate. Second is thearticle that JP Morgan has to pay $264 million in a bribery case. Honorablepeople, right? Let's trust them with our retirement.Rep. Wagner has a few other great regulations to eliminate, like Dodd-Frank, sowe can revisit 2008 when Wall Street executives got rich and millions of us lostour jobs and homes.Then the Republican big lie: Eliminate all (or, at least most) environmentalregulations. Remember recently when 200 countries came together in Paris overenvironmental concern? That is 200 agreeing we have a serious problem.Apparently only U.S. Republicans, who receive billions from the polluters, thinkthere is no problem.Martin Walsh - GlendaleLearning to take a stand in LadueIt was very heartening to see the photo Nov. 16 depicting a smattering of whitestudents joining the walkout of black students at Ladue High School followingthe reports of racial incidents there. At the same time, it was alsodisheartening to see such a small number of white students among the group.Where was the support of their fellow students among the predominantly whitestudent body? What a great opportunity was missed for these young whiteteenagers to take a stand, early in their lives, against bigotry and injustice.Are we failing our students by not emphasizing in our schools the values ofcourage and integrity and a willingness to take a stand?Mary Simon - St. LouisOvercoming racism through friendshipI am a recent immigrant to this nation, and I voted in the 2016 presidentialelections. I write to express my sincere gratitude and appreciation during thisThanksgiving season for the enormous opportunities this nation has to offer me.At a time when racial tensions are high in America, I write to let America knowabout a kind, generous and altruistic American diamond transport pilot whotransformed my life when I was a 15-year-old poor boy in 1976 in my home countryof Sierra Leone.Thomas Johnson, an American pilot who was employed to fly boxes of gems andalluvial diamonds in Sierra Leone, two decades before the rebel war andHollywood movie "Blood Diamond," miraculously met and befriended me, and out ofhis own goodwill and generosity he gave me generous support and opportunity forbetter life. Johnson brought me to America and paid my college tuition inSpringfield, Mass., so I could realize the American dream.Johnson didn't choose me without consideration for my race, but rather I thinkhe chose me because of it. Without him, my future prospects would have beenbleak. Our friendship transcended race and has built a positive connectionbetween races. We can overcome racism through friendship and positivecross-cultural relationships.Francis Mandewah - St. Louis CountySultan's column could benefit broader readershipA letter writer (Nov. 15) complained about finding editorials everywhere in thePost-Dispatch, offering as an example Aisha Sultan's columns in the Lifestylesection.May I suggest that the Post-Dispatch fix this problem, if it is a problem, byoffering Sultan a regular column located with other opinion columns on page 2 orthe op-ed page? Her fine columns can be read profitably by a broader readership,particularly when many Americans need to learn more about Islam.Emma Kafalenos - St. LouisAddress epidemic of opioid abuse in MissouriMissouri's babies need our help. Every 25 minutes a baby is born who willexperience withdrawal from opioid drugs. They suffer from irritability,high-pitched crying, tremors, vomiting and sleeplessness - a condition known asneonatal abstinence syndrome. They spend weeks and sometimes months in theneonatal intensive care unit to receive treatment for their symptoms.We can help prevent this terrible suffering through early detection andprevention of opioid dependency. Yet, Missouri continues to be the only statethat does not use a prescription drug monitoring program. These programs enablepharmacies and physicians to prevent misuse and over-prescription of opioid painmedications.It is estimated that 14 percent to 22 percent of pregnant women will beprescribed an opioid drug. For every $1 spent on opioid prescriptions, $50 isspent caring for babies with withdrawal. It is estimated nationally that wespend $720 million to $1 billion annually on the care of these babies.Let's take the first step in addressing this epidemic. Contact your locallegislators in support of House Bill 1892, the Narcotic Control Act. I urge allhealth care professionals to go to turnthetiderx.org and take the pledge to endthe opioid epidemic in our nation.Jan Murphy - ImperialContinue efforts toward energy efficiencyThe city of St. Louis was just chosen as one of 10 new cities to join the CityEnergy Project, an initiative seeking to promote efficiency through monitoring("benchmarking") the emissions of commercial buildings in 20 cities nationwide.Commercial buildings are some of America's biggest consumers of energy and areresponsible for large amounts of our country's carbon pollution, so settingbenchmarks for their carbon usage is a critical step.Truly appreciating the benefits of this program, however, will require continuedefforts to reduce these emissions through increased energy efficiency and cleanenergy programs. This is the path set forward by the Environmental ProtectionAgency's Clean Power Plan.According to a recent study from Georgia Tech University, the Clean Power Planwould help owners and occupants of commercial buildings in Missouri realize anaverage annual electricity savings of $109 million in the year 2030, compared tothe increased bills they would see if we move forward without the Clean PowerPlan. That's $109 million for new jobs and other economic investment.Unfortunately, President-elect Trump has pledged to undo our currentpro-business climate policy. I hope Sens. Claire McCaskill and Roy Blunt willsee that programs like the City Energy Project and the Clean Power Plan are goodfor the economy and the environment and will reject any efforts to dismantlethem.Steve O'Rourke - St. Louis County> Read more letters online at STLtoday.com/letters