Election fallout continues at state and local levels. Here's our take onpost-election developments.After being voted out of legislative leadership, Utah Sen. James Dabakis issueda scathing press release scolding his fellow Democrats, along with Republicans,for "taking influence tainted money." Branding the system as "corrupt," hereiterated his call for campaign finance reform. Are these accusations accurate,or do they mirror populist slash-and-burn tactics against the establishment?Pignanelli: "Politics is such a torment that I advise everyone I love not to mixwith it." - Thomas JeffersonEvery day, I interact with lawmakers, lobbyists, analysts, directors and otherstate government officials. All of them are good decent people who ensure Utahis the best-managed state in the nation.The Minority Party Caucuses are a courageous, important voice for the poor anddisenfranchised. They are undeserving of Dabakis' insults. All of Dabakis'legislative colleagues - Democrats and Republicans - are ethical, hard-workingpublic servants unbefitting of his disparagement because they accept campaigncontributions.The senator proudly states that he has "never taken or solicited" contributionsfrom lobbyists. Interesting claim.While serving as senator and Democratic Party chairman, he solicited from"influence peddlers." I have the fundraiser emails and a copy of my contributioncheck to his personal campaign. He was not shy asking me and other lobbyists tosponsor his television program. Of course, all these actions are legal andappropriate.Utahns should be proud of the officials, employees and others (yes, thisincludes lobbyists) striving so all local governments are ethical and efficient.We cannot allow self-righteous prattle to diminish this legacy.Webb: First, congratulations all the newly elected legislative leaders.Republicans and Democrats chose experienced, responsible lawmakers to lead theircaucuses. I expect the upcoming legislative session to be well-managed and tofocus on solving problems facing Utah.I hate to violate my long-held "Dabakis policy" - which is to ignore him. Hethrives on publicity, good or bad. His periodic newsletter reads like a Utahleftist version of Breitbart News. He makes fun of Republicans andconservatives, engages in wild conspiracy theories, and assures left-wingliberals that their future is bright, that he'll personally vanquish all thenasty conservatives - if only they'll send him some money.In Salt Lake City and across the country, thousands of angry people marched inthe streets, protesting the election of Donald Trump. Are these the actions ofspoiled losers, or are they important messengers representing the emotions ofmillions of people?Pignanelli: Notwithstanding the silly Electoral College, Donald Trump won thepresidential election in accordance to the rules of our republic. But theprotests are a fundamental element of our democracy. They serve notice that theharsher elements of his promises (deportation, the "wall," religious tests,etc.) will be met with verbal resistance. Our country was born in protest andthe demonstrations signal our system is healthyWebb: Protesting is a great American pastime. I say protest your broken heartsout if it makes you feel better. Interestingly, interviews with protestersshowed many of them didn't bother to vote. Even more productive than protestingwould be to actually vote for or against candidates.Those who are using protests as an excuse to damage property, light fires andblock highways aren't legitimate protesters, of course. They are thugs whoshould be put in jail.In general, the protesters aren't helping their cause. The TV images ofmarching, chanting and property destruction confirm the sentiments of mainstreamAmericans that they were right to vote for Trump. At some point soon, theleftists need to get a life and accept reality.Weeks after Election Day, the Salt Lake County Clerk has yet to finalizeelection results. In the meantime, the outcomes of some legislative contests anda Salt Lake County at-large race hang in the balance. Many politicos are asking,"What is taking the clerk so long to count these ballots?"Pignanelli: The official story is that mail-in balloting is a modern feature butrelies on paper ballots - thus diminishing any technological advantages. Thebackroom grumbles by politicos are that the clerk did not adequately anticipatelast-minute Election Day voters. Legislators are threatening action.Webb: Had the governor's race or U.S. Senate race been extremely close, thisdebacle wouldn't just be embarrassing, it would be disastrous. People would becalling for a housecleaning in the clerk's office. It's hard to understand howelection officials could not have seen the election trends and prepared a wholelot better. They should have easily foreseen the avalanche of last-minutemail-in ballots. If the ballots didn't arrive early, they were obviously goingto come late.The number of in-person polling locations was woefully inadequate. Too manypeople gave up and didn't vote because they couldn't stand in line for hours.Something went terribly wrong in Salt Lake County.Republican LaVarr Webb is a political consultant and lobbyist. Previously he waspolicy deputy to Gov. Mike Leavitt and Deseret News managing editor. Email:lwebb@exoro.com Democrat Frank Pignanelli is a Salt Lake attorney, lobbyist andpolitical adviser. Pignanelli served 10 years in the Utah House ofRepresentatives, six years as minority leader. His spouse, D'Arcy DixonPignanelli, is a state tax commissioner. Email: frankp@xmission.com