Nov. 23--Could the outcome of this month's presidential election affect yourThanksgiving holiday? Does your family talk about politics at the table? Do youexpect anti-Trump and pro-Trump forces to clash before the turkey is evencarved? Or is such talk simply avoided, by rule or common sense? We asked folkson Facebook for their thoughts.Bakersfield resident Janet Beckman describes her great-grandmother as a "superdemocrat." But she said one of the grandsons is a "super Trump supporter" as areothers in the family."We all love each other and respect each other's differences of opinion,"Beckman said. "Grateful that the kids have an interest about politics, God andcountry! Happy Thanksgiving!"But is it really that easy?Longtime local television journalist Lisa Kimble Edmonston believes it can bedone. She asked friends to join her in "calling a truce from the post-electionvitriol in order to count our multitude of blessings this Thanksgiving week."Christina Marie Pellettera, a local elementary school teacher, said her familyincludes members from both sides of the aisle, including husbands and wives withopposing views."I'm sure we'll talk about it momentarily, throw a few jokes around, and thenmove on," she said on Facebook. "If we're going to be divided by anything, it'sgoing to be red wine vs. white wine, not politics."Retired high school educator Marjorie Bell counseled avoidance: "We need toavoid election talk right now," she said. "We have become painfully allergic toelection conversation!"Bakersfield resident Brandon Hardin has a master plan. It's called getting outaDodge."San Luis Bay Inn here I come," he said. My only deep thoughts will be about, 1)How do I want my filet from the Custom House cooked? and 2) What will be thefirst cocktail I order from Mr. Ricks?"Some fight the raw feelings or tendency to gloat with humor. Some withsincerity. Here's a grab bag of responses:Christopher Garcia: "My family is huge and about 95% voted for Clinton, so I'mjust hoping the Republicans I love don't get bashed too hard this Thursday."Michael Albin Solko: "My cats and I have agreed to not talk about it. We'll behaving a 'Doctor Who' marathon instead. (Sorry, I know this is no help. Myfamily and I did an early Thanksgiving over the weekend.)"LeonorLi Matthews Gibbs: "Will it be a peaceful meal? Mine will, if it kills me(or me, them) ... Stay tuned ... let's hope no one calls BPD!"Michael Mallinson: "Both sets of in-laws are Republican, but neither voted forTrump, so relatively easy this time around."Dianne Hardisty: "You mean like pass or throw the mash potatoes?"Tim Stonelake: "Fortunately, my family and the friends joining us forThanksgiving are all on the same page."Ashlee Alex: "I am projecting a full blown brawl... it may not be politicalthough!"___ (c)2016 The Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) Visit TheBakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) at www.bakersfield.com Distributedby Tribune Content Agency, LLC.LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHACC-NO:20161123-BK-Locals-riff-on-avoiding-post-election-conflict-on-Thanksgiving-1123-20161123PUBLICATION-TYPE: NewspaperJOURNAL-CODE: BK