HIGHLIGHT: A Washington restaurant is reeling from menacing calls and onlineabuse after a fake story: that Hillary Clinton abuses children there.WASHINGTON - Days before the presidential election, James Alefantis, owner of alocal pizza restaurant called Comet Ping Pong, noticed an unusual spike in thenumber of his Instagram followers.Within hours, menacing messages like "we're on to you" began appearing in hisInstagram feed. In the ensuing days, hundreds of death threats - one read "Iwill kill you personally" - started arriving via texts, Facebook and Twitter.All of them alleged something that made Mr. Alefantis's jaw drop: that CometPing Pong was the home base of a child abuse ring led by Hillary Clinton and hercampaign chief, John D. Podesta.When Mr. Alefantis discovered that his employees were getting similar abusivemessages, he looked online to unravel the accusations. He found dozens ofmade-up articles about Mrs. Clinton kidnapping, molesting and traffickingchildren in the restaurant's back rooms. The articles appeared on Facebook andon websites such as The New Nationalist and The Vigilant Citizen, with oneheadline blaring: "Pizzagate: How 4Chan Uncovered the Sick World of Washington'sOccult Elite."None of it was true. While Mr. Alefantis has some prominent Democratic friendsin Washington and was a supporter of Mrs. Clinton, he has never met her, doesnot sell or abuse children, and is not being investigated by law enforcement forany of these claims. He and his 40 employees had unwittingly become real peoplecaught in the middle of a storm of fake news."From this insane, fabricated conspiracy theory, we've come under constantassault," said Mr. Alefantis, 42, who was once in a relationship with DavidBrock, a provocative former right-wing journalist who became an outspokenadvocate for Mrs. Clinton.Mr. Alefantis suspects those relationships may have helped to make him a target."I've done nothing for days but try to clean this up and protect my staff andfriends from being terrorized," he said.Fake news online has been at the center of a furious debate for the past fewweeks over how it may have influenced voters in the presidential election.President Obama warned last week that we are "in an age where there's so muchactive misinformation and it's packaged very well" on social media sites. Thecriticism has buffeted web companies such as Google and Facebook, whose chiefexecutive, Mark Zuckerberg, has promised to work on technology tools to slow thegusher of false digital information.But Mr. Alefantis's experience shows it is not just politicians and internetcompanies that are grappling with the fake news fallout. He, his staff andfriends have become a new kind of private citizen bull's-eye for the purveyorsof false articles and their believers.For more than two weeks, they have struggled to deal with the abusive socialmedia comments and to protect photos of their own children, which were used inthe false articles as evidence that the pizza restaurant was running apedophilia ring. One person even visited Comet Ping Pong to investigate theallegations for himself.To combat the fake news tide, Mr. Alefantis has contacted the Federal Bureau ofInvestigation and the local police, and he has asked Facebook, Twitter, YouTubeand Reddit to remove the articles. Yet the misinformation has continued tospread, growing into a theory known as #pizzagate that has traveled to Ireland.At one point, Comet's staff counted five #pizzagate Twitter posts a minute. Asrecently as Sunday night, the Twitter message "Don't let up. #PizzaGateEVERYWHERE" was reposted and liked hundreds of times."It's like trying to shoot a swarm of bees with one gun," said Bryce Reh,Comet's general manager, whose wife asked him to leave his job because of thethreats and vulgar messages they both have received on their social mediaaccounts.I won't stop tweeting about #PizzaGate until I know for a fact that there aren'tchildren in danger being covered up by the US government - Skye(@TradSierraHotel) November 20, 2016Mr. Alefantis, an artist born and raised in Washington, co-founded Comet PingPong 10 years ago as a casual spot for clay oven pizza. The restaurant haskid-friendly features like Ping-Pong tables and a craft room. Famous nativeslike members of the band Fugazi have held small shows there. The eatery, whichseats 120, is a mash-up of red and white checkered tablecloths and modernistmurals and paintings from friends of Mr. Alefantis.Mr. Alefantis mingles with other Washington chefs and his establishment helpedhim to be named No. 49 in GQ magazine's 50 most powerful people in Washington in2012. His customers include some high-powered locals, such as Tony Podesta, thebrother of John Podesta, whom Mr. Alefantis knows casually. Mr. Alefantis andMr. Brock, who is the founder of Media Matters for America, a website thattracks press coverage critical of the Clintons and works to debunkmisinformation in the conservative press, broke up five years ago.The misinformation campaign began when John Podesta's email account was hackedand his emails were published by WikiLeaks during the presidential campaign.Days before the election, users on the online message board 4Chan noticed thatone of Mr. Podesta's leaked emails contained communications with Mr. Alefantisdiscussing a fund-raiser for Mrs. Clinton.The 4Chan users immediately speculated about the links between Comet Ping Pongand the Democratic Party. Some posited the restaurant was part of a largerDemocratic child trafficking ring, which was a theory long held by someconservative blogs. That idea jumped to other social media services such asTwitter and Reddit, where it gained momentum on the page "The_Donald." A newReddit discussion thread called "Pizzagate" quickly attracted 20,000subscribers.Glen Caplin, a former campaign official for Mrs. Clinton, did not commentdirectly about Comet Ping Pong but said, "WikiLeaks has spawned severalconspiracy theories that have been independently debunked." Mr. Podesta did notrespond to requests for comment.Soon, dozens of fake news articles on sites such as Facebook, Planet Free Willand Living Resistance emerged. Readers shared the stories in Saudi Arabia and onTurkish and other foreign language sites.Last week, one supporter of the Pizzagate theory shot a live video from withinthe restaurant during a busy dinner shift. Local police, who had parked acrossthe street after Mr. Alefantis filed a report about the fake news stories andthreats, told the man to leave.In a statement, the District of Columbia Metropolitan Police Department said itwas monitoring the situation and is "aware of general threats being made againstthis establishment." The F.B.I. said it "does not confirm or deny the existenceof investigations."Most troubling for Mr. Alefantis and staff has been the use of children'simages, pilfered from the restaurant's social media pages and the personalaccounts of friends who had "liked" Comet Ping Pong online. Those photos havebeen used across dozens of websites. Parents, who declined to talk publicly forfear of retribution, have hired lawyers to get the photos removed.Musicians who have performed at Comet Ping Pong have been pulled in, too. AmandaKleinman, whose band, Heavy Breathing, has performed there several times,deleted her Twitter account after the abusive comments became overwhelming.Similar comments have flooded her YouTube music clips."We are at a dangerous place in American culture where a good percentage ofpeople aren't distinguishing what is a real news source based on real reportingand fact-checking and only reinforcing pre-existing ideas they have," Ms.Kleinman said.The frustration has been compounded by the lack of recourse for Mr. Alefantis,his friends and employees. Yelp blocked the comments sections of Comet PingPong's review page after reports of abusive comments and fake news in reviews.YouTube said it prohibits threats, harassment and hate speech and has tools forflagging violations and filing complaints for the site to take further action,but has largely not blocked comments on these videos. Twitter declined tocomment, and Facebook did not have any further comment.After employees and Mr. Alefantis complained to Reddit about how Comet Ping Pongwas being targeted on the site, the #pizzagate discussion thread posted awarning that revealing personal information about individuals was prohibited."We know that we have more work to do and we take our responsibility to addressonline abuse seriously," Reddit said in a statement.Little relief appears in sight. Over the weekend, Comet Ping Pong receiveddozens of calls from people screaming obscenities and threats. Mr. Alefantis got50 nasty Instagram direct messages, including one that warned, "This placeshould be burned to the ground!"On Monday morning, when Mr. Alefantis picked up his phone, he saw a text from astaff member warning that an individual might protest in front of therestaurant."It's endless," he said.Doris Burke contributed research from New York.PHOTOS: James Alefantis, owner of Comet Ping Pong, at his restaurant inWashington, D.C. Fake news websites have called it the home base of a childabuse ring led by Hillary Clinton and John D. Podesta. (B1); Patrons at CometPing Pong. Several of the restaurant's employees have been barraged with uglysocial media comments over the false child abuse allegations. (PHOTOGRAPHS BYCHAD BARTLETT FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (B5)Related Articles     ·    How Fake News Goes Viral: A Case Study     ·    Facebook Considering Ways to Combat Fake News, Mark Zuckerberg Says     ·    Obama, With Angela Merkel in Berlin, Assails Spread of Fake News     ·    Google and Facebook Take Aim at Fake News Sites     ·    John Podesta Says Russian Spies Hacked His Emails to Sway Election