Attorney general choice was once denied a post as a federal judgeIn December, after presidential candidate Donald Trump called for a "total andcomplete shutdown of Muslims" entering the country, Sen. Patrick J. Leahy(D-Vt.) introduced a "sense of the Senate" resolution affirming that the UnitedStates must not bar people from the country because of their religion.Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) - a member of the Judiciary Committee, along withLeahy - voted against the resolution and delivered a 30-minute oration urgingfellow senators to join him. The resolution, he warned, would make globalmigration to the United States a "human right."It would mean, he said, that the United States "could not favor for entry themoderate Muslim cleric over the radical Muslim cleric." Or that a foreign clericoverseas could demand a tourist visa to deliver a sermon denouncing the U.S.Constitution "and claim religious discrimination" if it was not approved."I think,'' Sessions said, "it is a dangerous step."Although the measure passed the committee, it failed in the full Senate.President-elect Trump has chosen Sessions, who has served in the Senate for 20years, to be the next attorney general - a position that will give him theplatform to shape civil rights policy and to defend the constitutionality of anypolicies that effectively restrict Muslim immigration, legal and civil libertiesexperts warn.Sessions has also been dogged with accusations of racism, which sank hisnomination to become a federal judge after President Ronald Reagan nominated him30 years ago. At his Senate hearing, Sessions said he was not a racist, butseveral Justice Department employees testified that he had used racist language.Sen. Charles E. Grassley (R-Iowa), chairman of the Judiciary Committee, laudedSessions in a statement Friday as a "respected member and former ranking member"of the committee who has worked with Democrats on major legislation. Grassleypredicted that the committee will approve his nomination for consideration bythe full Senate."He knows the Justice Department as a former U.S. attorney, which would servehim very well in this position," Grassley said.The appointment of Sessions is expected to bring sweeping changes to the way theJustice Department operated under Loretta E. Lynch and her predecessor, Eric H.Holder Jr., who, when he was nominated to be the first black attorney general,pledged to make rebuilding the Civil Rights Division his top priority.Several former Justice officials and Democratic lawmakers predicted thatSessions would reverse the emphasis on civil rights and criminal-justice reformthat Holder put in place."From his time as U.S. attorney through his service on the Judiciary Committee,he has left serious doubts about whether he would faithfully enforce civilrights laws as attorney general," former Justice Department spokesman MatthewMiller said. "The Civil Rights Division was gutted during the last Republicanadministration, and the burden of proof is on Senator Sessions to show that hewould not follow that same path."Sessions voted to confirm Holder as attorney general, but he voted againstLynch, citing her statements that President Obama's executive actions onimmigration passed legal and constitutional muster. Sessions and otherRepublicans considered those measures to be presidential overreach."Ms. Lynch has said flat-out that she supports those policies and is committedto defending them in court," Sessions said at the time. "We do not have toconfirm someone to the highest law enforcement position in America if thatsomeone is publicly committed to denigrating Congress."Obama's Justice Department stopped defending the Defense of Marriage Act andsuccessfully argued the historic same-sex marriage case last year before theSupreme Court. Sessions has opposed same-sex marriage and has a zero rating fromthe nation's largest LGBT advocacy group, the Human Rights Campaign.Ibrahim Hooper, spokesman for the Council on American-Islamic Relations,expressed dismay about Session's nomination. It only adds "to a growing list" ofnominees "with troubling pasts, and troubling histories of bigotry andintolerance," Hooper said.George J. Terwilliger III, who served as deputy attorney general under PresidentGeorge H.W. Bush and has known Sessions for nearly three decades, disputed thecharacterization. "I can say unequivocally there's not a racist bone in theguy's body," he said.Democratic lawmakers on Friday promised a tough and thorough vetting andconfirmation process."I know Senator Sessions, and we work out in the gym, but the fact that he is asenator does not absolve him from answering tough questions in the confirmationprocess," said Sen. Charles E. Schumer of New York, the incoming minorityleader."Given some of his past statements and his staunch opposition to immigrationreform, I am very concerned about what he would do with the Civil RightsDivision at the Department of Justice, and I want to hear what he has to say,"Schumer said.A former aide to Sessions said that, as attorney general, he will make nationalsecurity and fighting terrorism a top priority."Sessions is of the mind that the most essential duty of government is toprotect its citizens," the aide said. Sessions opposed closing the GuantanamoBay prison in Cuba and bringing terrorist detainees to the United States fortrial in federal courts. "He felt it would needlessly eliminate an importanttool in fighting terrorism and would needlessly put our citizens at risk," theaide said.Jefferson Beauregard "Jeff" Sessions, 69, who was born in Selma, Ala., began hiscareer as a prosecutor in 1975 in the U.S. attorney's office in the SouthernDistrict of Alabama. In 1981, President Reagan nominated him to be the U.S.attorney for that district, where he served for 12 years.In 1986, Reagan nominated him to be a judge for the U.S. District Court for theSouthern District of Alabama. But at his Senate confirmation hearing, JusticeDepartment lawyers who had worked with him testified that he had made racist andother incendiary statements. One of those lawyers, J. Gerald Hebert - now thedirector of the voting rights and redistricting program at the Campaign LegalCenter - said that Sessions had called the NAACP and the American CivilLiberties Union "un-American" and "Communist-inspired."Thomas Figures testified that Sessions said he had thought the Ku Klux Klan was"okay until I found out they smoked pot." Sessions later apologized for thecomment, saying he was not serious when he said it.Witnesses also testified that after disagreement between a black and a whitemember of his staff, Sessions admonished the black staffer to be "careful whathe said to white folks," and once referred to a black lawyer in the U.S.attorney's office as "boy."Sessions denied the allegations, but he was not confirmed.Aides to Session said that he was not insensitive to African Americans andpointed out that as a young Republican at Huntingdon College in the 1966,Sessions campaigned against segregationist candidates such as Lurleen Wallace,who was running for governor to sustain the policies of her husband,then-governor George Wallace, a staunch opponent of desegregation. GeorgeWallace was banned by state law from serving consecutive terms.In 1994, Sessions was elected attorney general of Alabama. He was elected to theU.S. Senate two years later.Sessions, who was the first senator to endorse Trump, in February, first met himin 2005 when Trump was criticizing the United Nations' plan for a $1.2 billionrenovation of its New York City headquarters. Sessions invited him to testifyabout it before a Senate subcommittee hearing. After the hearing, they were outof touch until last year, when they had a phone call about immigration policyand Trump tried to get Sessions's endorsement.sari.horwitz@washpost.comellen.nakashima@washpost.comMike DeBonis, Robert Costa, Matt Zapotosky and Julie Tate contributed to thisreport.