It's 3 a.m. and Donald Trump can't sleep.Restless, he tosses between Egyptian cotton sheets. The sweat builds on hisforehead. His teeth grind. A tinpot dictator in some far-flung land has made ajoke about his hands.The rage builds. He reaches for the phone  on the nightstand. In the darkness,Melania reaches out to steady his (perfectly adequately sized, he thinks) hand."Don't do it," she warns. "You'll regret it."But she's  too late. His face flushes crimson with fury.The anger fills him until it's an unstoppable firestorm. He grabs the phone,swipes right, finds the app, and taps madly at the screen. Sweet release.But it's not enough. The tweets pour out of him as the demons find voice.An hour later, the bombs start to fall.If you're thinking that's just a fever dream, think again.The next Leader of the Free World, who has just weeks to fill his administrationand assemble a new government, set Twitter alight once again on Sunday, torepeat a widely debunked claim that millions of people "illegally" voted forHillary Clinton and to mock a growing push for a recount in three battlegroundstates.You'd think that Trump, who's facing a mutiny by campaign manager KellyanneConway and who is contending with "Apprentice"-style jockeying for his Secretaryof State pick, would have better things to do than to take to Twitter toexcoriate the decision by Clinton's campaign to participate in a  recount inWisconsin."Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to thevictory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change," Trumptweeted, of the recount spearheaded by Green Party presidential nominee JillStein.Trump's regurgitation of the fraud claim, proffered by such paranoia-traffickersas InfoWars, added another layer of uncertainty to the already chaoticpost-election environment.Whether the recount push will  be successful and result in any material changein the  results seems remote at best.But Trump's most recent Twitter storm is also occasion for again taking up aquestion  raised during the campaign.If this is how he reacts to an even minor slight to his prestige and titanicego, how will he react when he's seriously tested by crisis?What happens when some foreign leader, possessed of  the right amount of bravadoand snark, actually provokes him or takes action against American interestsabroad?Do we get Donald the Deal-Maker or The Incredible Trump, who turns  green,smashing all in his path?An object lesson, then:No one in their right mind should mourn the passing of former Cuban dictatorFidel Castro, who died Friday at 90 after outlasting 11 U.S. presidents andrepeated American attempts to drive him from power. He was a murderer and adespot, and the world is well quit of him.But there's a difference between diplomatically noting someone's passing andgrave-dancing, which is unbecoming from anyone, not least the leader of theworld's greatest democracy."Fidel Castro is dead!" he tweeted.In a normal universe, foreign policy is too delicate and nuanced to conduct in140-character bursts.As we've been reminded time and again since Donald J. Trump sprung, fully formedfrom the head of some god with a warped sense of humor, onto the Americanpolitical landscape last June, these are not normal times."If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, theCuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole, I will terminate deal," Trumptweeted on Monday morning.The context-less Tweet appears to be a reference to Trump's campaign-season vowto reverse the Obama administration's warming of relations between Cuba and theU.S.In the wake of Castro's death, Trump released a statement saying his incomingadministration would do "all it can" to improve the plight of Cuba and itspeople.Or, it might not. Who can tell?International relations are far too important a subject area to be conducted bysomeone whose ego bruises at the drop of a hat.And that makes the search for a competent and credible Secretary of Statedeserving of something far better than the sideshow treatment that it'scurrently receiving.Unfortunately, it's just another day in Trumpland, where we are now required tocheck Twitter daily to find out if we've just insulted our way into aninternational incident.John L. Micek is the Opinion Editor and Political Columnist for PennLive/ThePatriot-News. Readers may follow him on Twitter @ByJohnLMicek and email him atjmicek@pennlive.comJohn MicekColumnistLOAD-DATE: December 1, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHPUBLICATION-TYPE: NewspaperJOURNAL-CODE: cpo