HIGHLIGHT: Alex Padilla, the secretary of state in California, replied to Mr.Trump's allegation on Twitter, saying claims of "voter fraud in California andelsewhere are absurd."LOS ANGELES - When President-elect Donald J. Trumpclaimed on Twitter that he waslosing the popular vote because of major fraud by millions of voters, one of thestates he pointed to was California, where the latest voting returns showedHillary Clinton, the Democrat, crushing Mr. Trump.But Mr. Trump's baseless claim led to a furious reaction from California's topelection official, Alex Padilla, the secretary of state, this weekend. Mr.Padilla asserted that there was no evidence for the claim by thepresident-elect, and denounced Mr. Trump for what he said was unpresidentialbehavior."His unsubstantiated allegations of voter fraud in California and elsewhere areabsurd," Mr. Padilla posted on Twitter. "His reckless tweets are inappropriateand unbecoming of a president-elect."This state has historically been slow to count ballots, a reflection of both itsvast size and inefficiencies in many county voting operations. Given the factthat this is an overwhelmingly Democratic state, that has meant that Mrs.Clinton's total vote count has grown steadily as ballots were tallied, adding toa national lead of close to two million votes.As of Saturday, Mrs. Clinton had 8.1 million votes in California, compared with4.2 million for Mr. Trump, according to the secretary of state's office. It wasnot clear when the vote count might be concluded.The count, and outcome, has been no surprise to anyone in a state with a historyof slow vote-counting. Officials in both parties had predicted this would happenas early as election night.Given California's long Democratic history, it was never in play during thispresidential election. But as the nation's most populated state, it tends tohave a significant influence on final national voting margins, as is apparentlythe case this year.Mr. Trump signaled out three states in his post of Twitter on "serious voterfraud" - Virginia, New Hampshire and California. He offered no evidence to backup the claim.His remarks came as he denounced calls for a recount in three states that he wonby relatively small margins: Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania. Jill Stein,who was the Green Party candidate for president, said that she would move for arecount. Aides to Mrs. Clinton said they would cooperate with the effort, evenas they made it clear they thought it would not change the outcome.Mr. Padilla is the highest-ranking Latino elected to state office in California.Mr. Trump's poor showing here, many Democrats and Republicans said, came in nosmall part because of his attacks on what he described as the threat of illegalimmigration - particularly by Mexicans. About 40 percent of California'spopulation is Latino."It appears that Mr. Trump is troubled by the fact that a growing majority ofAmericans did not vote for him," Mr. Padilla said.