President-elect Donald Trumpcs unsubstantiated tweet Sunday that millions ofpeople voted illegally for Democratic rival Hillary Clinton is fueling renewedcalls that Twitter delete his account.On Sunday, Trump alleged in a tweet that he cwon the popular vote if you deductthe millions of people who voted illegallyc even though there isnct any evidencethat widespread voter fraud occurred during the election.With concerns about fake news on social media sites heightening after theelection, some of Clintoncs former aides   includingcformer campaign spokesmanJesse Ferguson   and supporters argue that Trumpcs tweet run afoul of thecompanycs rules about online conduct . Twitter takes into account if its user iscrepeatedly creating false or misleading contentc when deciding what constitutesas spam. Accounts engaged in that type of behavior may be temporarily locked orpermanently suspended, according to the policy.Dear @twitter   I hear you close down accts promoting fake news and falseconspiracies.Please consider deleting this one. Thanks. https://t.co/lV1ACAG04ZJesse Ferguson (@JesseFFerguson) November 27, 2016Trump's Twitter account has now caused a serious national problem. Two monthsbefore he's even sworn in! DELETE HIS ACCOUNT.Elliott Lusztig (@ezlusztig) November 28, 2016In a month, Donald Trump's account name will be POTUS. What a scary thought.@twitter be a pal an delete his account.Tori Olive (@Torrificc) November 28, 2016On Monday, Twitter was tight-lipped about how it is handling these concerns.Twitter spokesman Nu Wexler said in an e-mail that Twittercs rules apply to allaccounts, but stopped short of clarifying whether Trumpcs tweet went against thecompanycs policy, whether the tech firm was considering deleting his account orwhether he received any violation notices.cWe do not comment on individual accounts, for privacy and security reasons,c hesaid.Calls that Twitter pull down Trumpcs account have occurred throughout thepresidential election, but manycof the concerns chave centered around hatespeech. After Trumpcs victory, some people blamed social media companies for notdoing enough to stop the spread of misinformation.Even Facebook, the worldcs largest social media site, grappled internally withwhat to do with Trumpcs social media posts during his campaign, The Wall StreetJournal reported in October . Citing anonymous sources, the news outlet reportedthat some employees believed that Trumpcs posts about banning Muslims fromentering the United States should have been removed for violating the sitecsrules on hate speech, and that the tech firm was bending the rules for him.The phrase cdelete your accountc was in Clintoncs most popular tweet during theelection.And with Trump taking to Twitter to criticize the cast of Hamilton, the New YorkTimes and even the results of the presidential election, some voters believethat Trump might be better off if he stopped tweeting. About 59 percent ofvoters want Trump to delete his Twitter account, a recent national pollbycQuinnipiac University, found .This factless madness shows @realDonaldTrump to be unhinged. If PresNixon had aTwitter account it would not reflect this much paranoia.Carl Bernstein (@carlbernstein) November 28, 2016But Trumpcs tweets are making headlines and that might not be bad for Twitter,which has struggled to attract more users to its site. Mercury NewsccolumnistMichelle Quinn wrote earlier today that Trumpcs constant tweeting could cbreathenew lifec into Twitter.SiliconBeat reached out to Trumpcs press office and will update this post ifanyone responds.Photo: Donald Trump, accompanied by New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, left, takesquestions from members of the media during a news conference on Super Tuesdayprimary election night in the White and Gold Ballroom at The Mar-A-Lago Club inPalm Beach, Florida, March 1, 2016. (Andrew Harnik/AP)c