Our great SymphonyI hesitate to talk about The Vallejo Symphony for fear there will be no seatsavailable at the next performance. Yet I must declare the Vallejo Symphony isthe jewel in the crown of all our city's treasures. How a far-flung backwaterburg like ours managed to pull this off is beyond me, and tells me there's moreto Vallejo than what meets the eye.In my opinion The Vallejo Symphony Orchestra can stand proudly among the best inthe world. On Oct. 30, our new musical director/conductor, Marc Taddei,performed magnificently, as did the brilliant orchestra under his baton.For the opening performance of the season, Mr. Taddei's first on the podium forus, he brought in pianist Sara Davis Buechner, whose electrifying rendition ofthe Prokofiev Piano Concerto #3 was so powerful she could have whipped all theforces of evil in the world. She bounced and pounced all over the keyboard likea madwoman, yet in perfect control and mastery of her art. It was pure power andemotion. Not only did Ms. Buechner leap out of her seat while she played, we inthe audience were propelled out of ours as well, unable to contain ourselvesduring her explosive performance.We also heard superb performances of Haydn's Symphony No. 6, and Sibelius'sSymphony No. 5, as the salutation to Vallejo from Mr. Taddei, in anunforgettable afternoon of great, thrilling music.I was an usher during the reign of David Ramadanoff, the previous conductor,because I had a friend who had a friend connected to that also wonderfulconductor. Many Sunday matinee performances, not only did I enjoy takingtickets, handing out programs, and chatting up fellow music-lovers, I got to sitin on the concert for free. How I'd love that job back again.One more thing:  We need to give our magnificent Vallejo Symphony a properconcert hall.- Carol PearlmanVallejoWriting usLetters to the Times-Herald must contain the first and last name of the letterwriter, as well as contact information to reach the letter writer. The contactinformation will not be published by the Times-Herald.All letters are subject to editing for clarity, subject and length.The Times-Herald encourages letters to be sent via email. Those letters are morelikely to be published in a timely fashion.Letters can be emailed to opinion@timesheraldonline.com, or sent via mail to:Letters, Vallejo Times-Herald, 420 Virginia Street, Suite 2A, Vallejo, CA,94590.For more information, contact Times-Herald Editor Jack F.K. Bungart atjbungart@timesheraldonline.com