Van Jones starred in a few memorable exchanges with Donald Trump supporters onCNN during the presidential campaign, but one remark by the Democraticstrategist stands above the rest."This was a rebellion against the elites. True," Jones said of Trump's victoryon election night. "It was a complete reinvention of politics and polls. It'strue. But it was also something else. ... We've talked about everything but racetonight. We've talked about income. We've talked about class. We've talked aboutregion. We haven't talked about race. This was a white-lash. This was awhite-lash against a changing country. It was a white-lash against a blackpresident, in part."Jones spoke with The Washington Post about how the comment has made him a targetin the conservative media, revealed the one question he forgot to ask Trumpbooster Jeffrey Lord, and talked about his hope for "more constructivedisagreement." If you're wondering what constructive disagreement looks like,check out Jones's web series, "The Messy Truth," in which he visits voters intheir homes. Jones will host a live special by the same name on CNN Dec. 6.Q: I have observed in past two weeks that you have been cast as a boogeyman bythe likes of Breitbart, particularly because of your "white-lash" comment onelection night. I'm curious whether that's something you pay attention to orwhether it's something you choose to block out.A: I take everybody's point of view very seriously, and I think that shows in mycommentary on air. I don't dismiss anybody's point of view. I also know thatthere's a branch of our media that has to be mad at somebody, so I worry lessabout that than where the overall conversation is going in the country. Myconcern is that we have two political parties that have pretty significant blindspots. The liberals seem to be blind to the very distasteful strain of elitismthat seems to have found a home in our party, and the conservatives have a blindspot for a very nasty strain of bigotry that has found a home in their party.That is not to say that every Democrat is an elitist or that every Republican isa bigot; it is to say that both parties have some real work to do to haveparties that respect all Americans.Q: Is the "white-lash" term something you thought up in advance or did it justcome to you in the moment?A: I'd had a conversation a week prior about what was going on across Europe,and the term came up in that conversation. This whole thing is very much tied towhat's going on throughout the West: white working classes reacting againstglobalization and immigration across the West. And I say white working classbecause African-American, Latino and Asian workers are not joining in largenumbers. Why do you keep playing the race card? Well, because you have to beaccurate. The black working class embraced Hillary Clinton. The Afro-Caribbeanpopulations in the U.K. were against Brexit. So there is a race and classcharacteristic that you have to talk about. Any term, if it's going to cutthrough the clutter, has a chance to be misinterpreted, but it's a conversationwe have to have.Q: Take us behind some of your on-screen debates with the pro-Trump crowd. Youand Jeffrey Lord had some really dynamic exchanges during the campaign. You andMary Matalin just recently. Is all of that spontaneous and authentic in themoment, or do you talk about your points beforehand and know you're going to goat it?A: No, I think you can tell all that stuff is unplanned. The first one with meand Jeff, we were still getting to know each other on the air, and we were bothcaught off guard because our realities are so totally different. It was like amatter/anti-matter explosion whenever we would stumble into the topic of race.There was never a time when we were like, "OK, now Jeff and Van are going to gotalk about race." What would happen is we'd be talking about something else, andone or the other would mention something from our perspective, and that wouldtrigger a discussion of race. And I'd find out that from his perspective, theKlan is a liberal organization, which I thought was bizarre. My only regret is Inever got a chance to ask Jeffrey on air, if the Klan is a liberal organization,then why were they endorsing Trump? I had that in my back pocket that if he everraises the Klan again, I'm going to ask him. But then I'd get so mad, I'd forgetto ask.Q: I was checking out some of the previews of interactions you had with Trumpvoters for your "Messy Truth" special next month, and I'm wondering how hopefulyou are about being able to have productive conversations with people who don'tsee the world the way you do.A: I think I'm one of the few national Democrats who has a very long trackrecord of working with the right. ... I worked very hard to develop and maintainfriendships with all the conservatives and Trump supporters who came on our airand probably talked more to them during the campaign and after than I did tomost national Democrats. I grew up in the rural South, in a red state, allpublic schools and church on Sunday, so I really understand the frustration alot of conservatives have with the way that the coastal elite sees them. So Iknow that there's a lot of room for more constructive disagreement. I'm notaiming for agreement. In a dictatorship, everybody has to agree. In a democracy,nobody has to agree. I'm not aiming for agreement; I'm aiming for a moreconstructive disagreement, and I have high hopes for that.Van Jones is a political commentator for CNN Promotional Photo