By Michael GersonWhile the challenges of the GOP - its long-term demographic difficulties, itserratic leadership, the bitter struggle for its ideological soul - are obscuredby victory, the problems of the Democratic Party are on full display.Republicans suffer from heart disease; Democrats have an ugly, gushing headwound.The losing party would be foolish to minimize the scale of its politicalfailure.Hillary Clinton proved incapable of defeating a reality television host whommore than 60 percent of Americans viewed as unfit to be president. It is perhapsthe most humiliating moment in the long history of Mr. Jefferson's party. Butthe effect is more than reputational.The Democratic candidate and her team could not protect America from a seriousrisk to its ideals and institutions by an untested and unstable novice whoflirted with authoritarianism and made enough gaffes on an average Tuesday tosink a normal presidential campaign.Donald Trump was riding a modest electoral wave in certain parts of the country,but it was not large enough to overwhelm a reasonably capable Democraticcandidate with a decent political strategy. Trump's vote did not burst thelevees; it barely lapped over the top of them in the industrial Midwest. The"blue wall" was too low by just a foot or two.But why was the election even close enough for bad strategy in Wisconsin,Michigan, and Pennsylvania, or utter incompetence by the FBI director, tomatter?Trump obviously benefited from extreme polarization. The proposition "anyone butHillary" was tested, with Republicans (and others) ultimately rallying to"anyone." The Obama coalition - including young, minority, and college-educatedvoters - did not turn out in sufficient numbers. And an appeal to racial andethnic resentment remains disturbingly potent in our politics - the continuingevidence of America's original sin.But here is the largest, long-term Democratic challenge:It has become a provincial party. It is highly concentrated in urban areas andclings to the coasts.But our constitutional system puts emphasis on holding geography, particularlyin the House of Representatives and the Electoral College. It is difficult forDemocrats to prevail from isolated islands of deep blue. In 2012, PresidentObama won the presidency with fewer than 700 counties out of more than 3,000 inAmerica - a historical low. Clinton carried a little under 500 - about 15percent of the total.This is another way of saying that the Democratic candidate for president can'tprevail - at least at the moment - when she receives less than 30 percent of thevote from the white, noncollege educated Americans who live in the spacesbetween the cities. Most of these voters were not examining public policy andcalculating their interests - except in the vague sense that they don't likesending American jobs abroad and don't want anyone messing with their SocialSecurity. They were convinced that Trump has their back. Democrats have becomesymbolically estranged from white, working-class America.What are the Democratic options moving forward?First, there is the Bernie Sanders option - the embrace of a leftist populismthat amounts to democratic socialism. This might also be called the JeremyCorbyn option, after the leftist leader of the British Labour Party who hasideologically purified his party into political irrelevance.Second, there is the Joe Biden option - a liberalism that makes a sustainedoutreach to union members and other blue-collar workers while showing a Catholicreligious sensibility on issues of social justice.Third, there is the option of doubling down on the proven Barack Obama option,which requires a candidate who can excite rather than sedate the Obama-era base.Democrats should not overlearn the lessons of a close election. Option No. 3 isthe Democratic future on the presidential level. Clinton was correct to appealto a slightly modified version of the Obama coalition (fewer African Americanand millennial voters, but more support from Latinos and college-educatedwomen). She simply could not pull it off.But for the foreseeable future, Democrats will also need a dash of No. 2,including a more accommodating attitude toward religion and associationalrights. In this election, evangelicals and white Catholics sensed real hostilityto their institutions from law school liberalism.There is a serious prospect, however, that Democrats will choose No. 1. Therewould be many reverberations for our politics. But chiefly, America would ceaseto have a center-left party and a center-right party.Both radicalized institutions would exaggerate our national differences,becoming the political equivalent of the hard-left and hard-right media. And thecause of national unity would be damaged even further.Michael Gerson is a Washington Post columnist. michaelgerson@washpost.com