http://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/EDIT_Clinton_112216_newscom.jpgClinton Scandals: Donald Trump now says he won't pursue Hillary Clinton oncriminal charges for her email and Clinton Foundation scandals -- despitepledging during the campaign to name a special prosecutor to investigate herpossible crimes and, if she were found guilty, to "lock up" the Democraticnominee.It's a smart move by the president-elect. In a sharply divided America, apersonal vendetta is no way to start a presidency.During the second presidential debate in October, Trump was blunt about what heintended to do: "If I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get aspecial prosecutor to look into your situation because there has never been somany lies, so much deception."Now, he's having second thoughts. Just a week ago, he hinted on "60 Minutes"that he wouldn't pursue an investigation: "I don't want to hurt them. They'regood people," he said of the Clintons.He virtually repeated that Tuesday to the New York Times, saying, "I don't wantto hurt the Clintons, I really don't. She went through a lot and sufferedgreatly in many different ways."He also said a possible prosecution would be "very, very divisive for thecountry."Very statesmanlike and generous, though the media won't treat it that way.Besides Trump, as Hillary Clinton's opponent in the last election, would beunwise to spearhead an investigation of her. It's inappropriate for an electedofficial to pursue charges against a vanquished political foe who is now aprivate citizen, especially for what could be construed as political reasons.Doing so would set a nasty precedent of victors in presidential electionscharging their political foes with crimes -- which is Banana Republic kind ofstuff, not worthy of a great republic such as our own, which has prided itselfon over 200 years of mostly smooth presidential transitions.But that said, that doesn't mean we think Hillary and Bill Clinton should goscot-free if crimes are found to have been committed. We have writtenextensively about the possible criminality in both Hillary's email serverscandal and the Clinton Foundation's own scandal. There is ample evidence ofcriminal wrongdoing in both.Yet, while we agree Trump shouldn't himself do it, there are alreadyinvestigations ongoing -- and they definitely should not be halted.The FBI and several U.S. Attorneys are looking into the possibility that formerSecretary of State Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation engaged in a kindof pay-for-play arrangement, in which those who gave money to the foundation gotaccess and favors from Hillary's State Department. If true, that's called graft,and it's a felony.So, yes, it would be unseemly and frankly foolish for Trump to enter office andimmediately focus on a criminal investigation when there's far more importantstuff on his agenda, ranging from tax and regulatory reform to the repeal ofObamaCare and closing our porous borders. He'll have his hands full.As we noted, there's already an ongoing investigation into the Clintons. Itbegan under President Obama, not Trump, and it should not be shut down. Justbecause you run for president doesn't give you a get-out-of -jail free card.Meanwhile, Congress has also pledged to look into the allegations against theClintons, which at minimum warrant a far deeper investigation, even if nocriminal charges are forthcoming. Those who sell access to the federalgovernment, no matter who they are, do not deserve clemency.As of now, however, neither Bill nor Hillary Clinton has been charged with acrime. They deserve, as all citizens do, the presumption of innocence. Still,the investigations already underway should be allowed to take their course --and when they're completed, let the chips fall where they may.RELATED:Hillary Clinton Email Scandal ExplainedClinton Foundation ScandalIs The Clinton Foundation Doomed?Email Scandals: Clinton Foundation's Ties To Terrorist Financers