WASHINGTON -Elections regularly inspire an orgy of hype - and so it is with this one. TheDemocrats are in disarray, it's said. Unless they're enormously skillful orlucky, they risk becoming a minority party indefinitely. Be skeptical. Thereality is that these dire forecasts have a habit of not coming true.Remember Barry Goldwater's crushing defeat in 1964. After Watergate, Republicansseemed doomed. Ronald Reagan's two successful terms, followed by the election ofGeorge H.W. Bush in 1988, seemed to entrench Republicans.In each case, something (Vietnam, double-digit inflation, recession) altered thecalculus and confirmed a longstanding axiom of U.S. politics: When Americans areunhappy, they throw out the party in the White House.So we need to be wary now. The grim diagnoses for Democrats are surely overdone.It's true that Trump's victory was astonishing - but only because most politicalexperts had predicted his defeat and, more important, because he survived hisown behavior, which violated so many established norms of public conduct.Once you dispense with this astonishing fact, Trump's triumph appears lessout-of-the ordinary. I have spent some time studying election statistics.Herein, some conclusions:(1) Despite all the vitriol - or perhaps because of it - the public was notnearly as engaged with the campaign as the round-the-clock cable and internetnews media made it seem. One standard measure of political interest is whetherpeople voted; fewer did, proportionally, than in 2012. Between that election andthis, the voting eligible population grew 9 million to 232 million, according tothe nonpartisan U.S. Election Project. But actual voting increased only by 4million. Voter turnout was 58.1 percent, down from 58.6 percent, reports theElection Project.(2) Donald Trump did not win the election so much as Hillary Clinton lost it. In2012, President Obama won with almost 66 million votes; Clinton's total was justover 62 million. Although that may increase slightly with some late reporting,it will not approach Obama's count. If Clinton had simply matched Obama, shealmost certainly would have captured the Electoral College and becomepresident-elect.(3) Trump's performance was less spectacular than it seemed - at least asmeasured by votes - and, in some crucial ways, was no better than Mitt Romney's.Romney was criticized as a poor campaigner, but his popular vote and Trump'swere roughly equal (60.9 million), even though there were more eligible votersin 2016. Remember also that Trump lost the popular vote to Clinton by roughly 1million or more.(4) Voting patterns are remarkably stable. Consider the share of white voterswho supported the Republican candidate in the last four presidential elections(2004-2016): 58 percent, 55, 59, 58, report exit polls compiled by the AmericanEnterprise Institute. Similarly, here's the share of African-American voters whobacked the Democratic candidate: 88, 95, 93, 88. Campaigning concentrates on asmall sliver of voters whose minds aren't made up or who are open to change.Some lessons are plain. One is that the Democrats' vaunted "ground game" - theget-out-the-vote operation - was vastly overrated. Another is that electionsrarely produce genuine "mandates," though leaders of both parties routinelyclaim that they do. (Not surprisingly, Trump is asserting a mandate to shake upWashington.) The people may have "spoken," but their message is usually limitedto voting for one candidate over another. Broader themes have to be inferred orinvented.With some exceptions (Abraham Lincoln 1860, Franklin Roosevelt 1932, LyndonJohnson 1964 are examples), elections do not signal upheavals in American life.The commentariat - scholars, pundits, columnists, bloggers - have an interest insaying otherwise. They build impressive theories of social, political andeconomic change based on elections where the candidates are separated by only afew percent of the vote.When you hear these pronouncements, you ought to temper them with history. Itteaches that public opinion is fickle.Robert J. Samuelson is a Washington Post columnist.