Since Donald Trump won the presidential election, I have been consistently askedthree questions about the Supreme Court. Two seem obvious, and the third, atleast to me, was surprising.Can President Obama simply appoint Judge Merrick Garland to the court since theSenate has refused, for 250 days and counting, to act on the nomination?How likely is it that the court's jurisprudence on abortion will change now thatTrump will be choosing justices?And can Trump nominate his sister, a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the3rd Circuit, in Philadelphia, to the high court?Garland's fateThe first question is the most controversial. Even those who insist that Obamahas the power to force the issue on Garland's nomination agree it is unlikely hewould try.The Constitution provides that the president "shall nominate, and by and withthe Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint ... Judges of the SupremeCourt, and all other Officers of the United States."The Republican-led Senate, of course, has refused to even hold a hearing onGarland's nomination, much less consent to his appointment. The Republicans'position since Justice Antonin Scalia's death in February has been that the nextpresident should choose Scalia's replacement.In the past, it has been generally assumed that the Senate can kill judicialnominations simply by refusing to act upon them until the president leavesoffice. Two current members of the court - John G. Roberts Jr. and Elena Kagan -had their earlier nominations to lower courts end without the Senate takingvotes.But millions have signed petitions urging another view - that Obama gave theSenate a chance to advise him on Garland's nomination, and because lawmakers didnot vote one way or the other, the president is free to move on to the "shallappoint" part of the Appointments Clause.Those who are urging such an approach often point to a Washington Post op-ed inthe spring by lawyer Gregory L. Diskant. "Note that the president has twopowers: the power to 'nominate' and the separate power to 'appoint,' " Diskant,a former Supreme Court clerk, wrote. He acknowledged that following thisapproach would draw a lawsuit.Diskant has found little support among constitutional experts, most of whom havesaid that "advise and consent" means what it has traditionally been understoodto mean. Otherwise, the document would have said the president can makeappointments unless the Senate steps in to veto his actions.And a federal judge last week dismissed a lawsuit that would have forced theSenate to vote.Liberals also have suggested a recess appointment for Garland. The chance wouldcome in early January, in the time between when the current Congress ended andthe next one began. Other justices have been appointed in recesses and laterconfirmed by the Senate.But eventual confirmation is impossible in the current scenario, and Garland'sterm would last only about a year.The New Republic last week championed the idea in an article headlined "ObamaCan and Should Put Merrick Garland on the Supreme Court."But after proposing the idea, author David Dayen concluded: "This would becompletely out of character for Obama," and "the gambit would have an extremelylow likelihood of permanent success - even if the [Supreme] Court didn't rulethe Garland appointment unconstitutional (and it probably would), he'd be out ina year."Notably, in separate events last week, liberal justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg andSonia Sotomayor said that Trump will be choosing the court's ninth justice.AbortionIn a post-election interview on CBS's "60 Minutes," Trump repeated his pledge tonominate antiabortion justices who could help overturn  Roe v. Wade , the 1973decision that said a woman has a constitutional right to seek an abortion.If that happened, Trump said, abortion decisions would go back to the states,and some could ban it. Asked whether he was comfortable with the idea that womenmight have to go to other states to end their pregnancies, Trump replied: "Well,we'll see what happens. It's got a long way to go."Almost everyone can agree on that.It became clear at the end of the court's last term that there is a majority onthe court to maintain  Roe  and the line of subsequent cases that have expoundedon that constitutional right. The court has acknowledged the state's interest inprotecting fetal life but also has said a state's restrictions cannot put an"undue burden" on a woman's right.The court in June found that Texas had violated that right with a law that,among other things, required doctors at abortion clinics to have admittingprivileges at nearby hospitals and imposed expensive standards on clinics.In a detailed and legalistic opinion, Justice Stephen G. Breyer said Texas'sassertion that the requirements were to protect women's health could not beproved and were a pretext for simply making it more difficult for women toobtain the procedure.Ginsburg more pithily said in a concurrence that laws that "do little or nothingfor health but rather strew impediments to abortion, cannot survive judicialinspection."The decision was 5 to 3, which meant that even if Scalia had been voting, thelaw would have been struck down.But what's lost to neither side is that three of the five in that majority areGinsburg, 83, Breyer, 78, and Justice Anthony M. Kennedy, 80. The replacement ofonly one would shift the balance.Even so, the court moves incrementally. It is far from clear that even amajority of those who disagree with  Roe  would move quickly to dismantle it.But the possibility is motivating those on both sides of the divisive issue.Maryanne Trump BarryTrump himself has mused about nominating his sister to the Supreme Court,although he has said it is unlikely."I would love to, but I think she would be the one to say, 'No way, no way,' "he said in a Fox News interview last year.Judicial ethics experts said that federal laws would not prohibit Trump fromnominating Barry, who was elevated to the appeals court by President BillClinton in 1999."I doubt the anti-nepotism statute covers it because it's not a branch ofgovernment he controls," said Richard Painter, a University of Minnesotaprofessor who served as an ethics enforcer in the George W. Bush administration.He and Stephen Gillers, a law professor at New York University, also agreed thata Justice Barry would not be constrained from ruling on all issues involving thefederal government.She would probably have to recuse herself "on those cases in which PresidentTrump was seen to have a significant interest," Gillers said. "That would not beevery case involving the U.S. It would not be most such cases."But obstacles abound. For one, Barry is not on the list of 21 people from whomTrump has pledged to pick his nominee. For another, Barry, 79, is the  oldersister of the  oldest  man ever elected president. Presidents like their SupremeCourt nominees to be a lasting legacy; Barry took senior status five years ago.Also: See Abortion, above. The National Review has called Barry a "pro-abortionextremist judge."Barry, who served on the appeals court with Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr., waspart of a panel that struck down a New Jersey ban on the later-term abortionprocedure critics call "partial-birth abortion."Barry called the law a "desperate attempt" to undermine  Roe . Besides pointingout that the Supreme Court had struck down a similar state law, she wrote thatit was "based on semantic machinations, irrational line-drawing, and an obviousattempt to inflame public opinion instead of logic or medical evidence." (TheSupreme Court later upheld a federal version of the ban.)So for those who supported Trump because of the importance of the Supreme Court,Barry is probably not what they were looking for.robert.barnes@washpost.com