HIGHLIGHT: Officials emphasized that the Fed was planning a slow retreat. And itsounded a cautionary note about the strength of growth in the third quarter.WASHINGTON - When Federal Reserve officials convened just before thepresidential election, they talked like people who were ready to raise interestrates, although they decided to wait a little longer.They fretted about the growing risks of keeping borrowing costs at ahistorically low level, according to an account of the meeting that the Fedpublished on Wednesday. They also expressed confidence, albeit with somereservations, that the economy was ready for higher rates.The exuberant reaction of financial markets to Donald J. Trump's victory hasstrengthened the case for higher rates, and solidified expectations that the Fedwill act at its next meeting in December.The early November meeting was something of a placeholder. The Fed was seen asunlikely to move on the eve of the election. Officials had decided they were notquite ready to raise rates at their previous meeting, in September, and theaccount noted that they did not have much new data to consider.But the latest meeting's account portrays a sense of growing urgency among the17 members of the Federal Open Market Committee, the Fed committee that sets thecourse of monetary policy."Many judged that risks to economic and financial stability could increase overtime if the labor market overheated appreciably, or expressed concern that anextended period of low-interest rates risked intensifying incentives forinvestors to reach for yield, potentially leading to a mispricing of risk andmisallocation of capital," it said. The account was published after a standardthree-week delay.The Fed said that the case for a rate increase had "strengthened" after theNovember meeting. Janet L. Yellen, the Fed's chairwoman, went a little furtherlast week, telling a congressional committee that an increase in the Fed'sbenchmark interest rate "could well become appropriate relatively soon."The meeting account is in the same key. Two officials voted to raise rates inNovember, and the minutes said others were already convinced that the Fed shouldmove in December, given its stated objectives. Moreover, the account said, "Mostparticipants expressed a view that it could well become appropriate to raise thetarget range for the federal funds rate relatively soon, so long as incomingdata provided some further evidence of continued progress toward the committee'sobjectives."Markets have received the message. Some analysts warned before the election thatMr. Trump's victory could upset financial markets and lead the Fed to push backa rate increase. So far, the opposite has happened. Markets have rallied andexpectations of a December rate increase have solidified. The probabilityderived from asset prices stood at 94 percent on Wednesday.Investors are responding in part to Mr. Trump's economic plans. He has promisedto collaborate with congressional Republicans on a large tax cut and othermeasures intended to stimulate economic growth. Fed officials have all butbegged for fiscal authorities to take a stronger hand, in part because they areeager to dial back their own efforts, and push rates up toward more normallevels.Yet the markets' reaction to Mr. Trump's victory also creates some new problems."The timing and scope of these actions is still highly uncertain," said JamesMarple, senior economist at TD Bank. "In the meantime, interest- andexchange-rate sensitive sectors of the economy like housing and trade will takea hit, suggesting some downside risk to economic growth."The Fed has kept its benchmark rate between 0.25 and 0.5 percent since lastDecember. The policy is intended to bolster economic activity by encouragingborrowing and risk-taking, but it has raised concerns that the Fed isencouraging too much borrowing and risk-taking.In addition, Fed officials have concluded that labor market conditions areunlikely to further improve, although the share of adults with jobs issignificantly below the prerecession level.The account takes pains to emphasize that the Fed is planning a slow retreat.And it sounded a cautionary note about the strength of growth in the thirdquarter. The economy expanded at an annual rate of 2.9 percent, but Fedofficials pointed to a number of unusual factors, including a boom in soybeanexports."Excluding these factors, underlying economic growth had been relativelymodest," the account said. "Growth of consumer spending had slowed from itsbrisk pace earlier in the year, residential investment had fallen again, andbusiness fixed investment had remained soft."Inflation has increased a little faster than the Fed expected in recent months,although it remains below the 2 percent annual pace that the Fed regards ashealthy. Some officials advocating a rate increase argue that inflation willbegin to rise more quickly as labor markets tighten. That, in turn, could forcethe Fed to raise rates more quickly, potentially disrupting economic activity.But the Fed's concerns about inflation remain relatively subdued. Ms. Yellentold Congress last week that she saw little chance of a sharp rise in inflation.The weakness of the global economy continues to weigh on domestic inflation, inpart by pushing up the value of the dollar.Mr. Trump's election also has pushed the dollar sharply higher.PHOTO: Janet L. Yellen, in testimony to the Joint Economic Committee last week,said that an interest rate increase "could well become appropriate relativelysoon." (PHOTOGRAPH BY JIM WATSON/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE - GETTY IMAGES)Related Articles     ·    Yellen: Too Soon to Predict Economic Effects of Election     ·    Fed Signals It's on Track to Raise Interest Rates in December     ·    It's Not Just the White House. Change Is in the Air on Wall St., Too