Trump and conservativesDonald Trump is notable among recent Republican presidential nominees in histalent for alienating conservatives. Those who disowned him during the campaigninclude three former chairmen of the Republican National Committee, Housemembers Adam Kinzinger of Illinois and Justin Amash of Michigan, andcommentators George Will, Charles Krauthammer and William Kristol. It's safe to say that four years ago, none of them could have imagined refusingto vote for the 2016 GOP presidential nominee. Trump violated their sense ofwhat the Republican Party represents, and they and many other people on theright couldn't accept him at the top of the ticket. But he won, and he will enter the White House with the Republican Partycontrolling both houses of Congress. The question is how closely he andcongressional Republicans will be aligned. If Trump adopts their agenda, it willbe a happy and generally positive partnership. But if he goes his own way, theywill have to decide whether to go with him. Power offers opportunities, but also temptations. Trump will want to define theRepublican agenda according to his own impulses, which are neither consistentnor predictable. The GOP has always been the party of conservatism, but it and its presidentshave not always upheld conservative principles. Over the next four years,conservatives are likely to have many occasions when they can support PresidentTrump because he is pursuing conservative policies. But they need to be preparedto show they won't sacrifice principles to political convenience. Much of what he has advocated in the campaign fits well with the goals oflimited government, judicial restraint, free markets and strong nationaldefense. Conservatives also should find plenty in common with Trump when itcomes to reforming the tax code, making judicial appointments in the mold ofAntonin Scalia, replacing Obamacare, eliminating onerous regulations and gettingour allies to spend more on their military forces. But he exhibits some tendencies that are not conservative at all. Among them:His suspicion of free trade, his faith that tough enforcement can overcome thefailures of an irrational immigration system, his taste for expansivepresidential power and his free-spending fiscal proposals. Will Republicans in Congress and conservatives elsewhere have the backbone toresist him on issues like these? --Chicago Tribune Educate our prisoners A new study highlights U.S. prisoners' lack of education, and the secretary ofeducation has taken the opportunity to issue a "Dear Colleague" letter arguingfor educating them. It's a good idea. According to the study from the U.S. Program for the International Assessmentof Adult Competencies, 29 percent of inmates fell below a fairly simple level ofliteracy. That level, set out by the Organization for Economic Cooperation andDevelopment, required an individual to perform tasks such as find the "contactus" link on a website if asked to locate the organization's phone number. Education Secretary John King Jr. points out that most inmates will return tosociety. He says that once they're released, inmates who are educated in prisonare 58 percent more likely to find a job and 43 percent less likely to return tocrime than those who are not. Inmates are interested. Among those in the study, 70 percent said they'd liketo take a class or program. A quarter of those who wanted to enroll were onwaiting lists to do so. Meanwhile, just 21 percent of inmates in the study wereworking on a degree or certificate. The report does not make clear why all the inmates who want more educationaren't pursuing degrees or certificates. One reason, however, is clear from thewaiting lists: There aren't enough opportunities available, or the opportunitiesavailable don't meet the inmates' needs. So more seats should be opened inprison educational programs. --Pittsburgh Post-GazetteWill conservatives who opposed Donald Trump during the Republican primariesstand up to him when his policies diverge from theirs?