HIGHLIGHT: Amid concerns about what challenges the art world might face, thereare still many not-to-miss exhibitions at galleries and museums.MIAMI BEACH - Even the small talk was more solemn at this year's edition of ArtBasel Miami Beach. On opening day of what is America's largest fair ofcontemporary art and Champagne-steeped hedonism, the air kisses were shadowed bythe challenges the presidency of Donald J. Trump might pose to an art world thatlikes to imagine itself as a force for progress.At Wednesday's V.I.P. preview, more sedate than the running-of-the-bullsambience of years past, gallerists and curators spoke in apocalyptic terms aboutAmerica after Jan. 20, while the collectors - some lightly espoused socialliberalism and ecological commitments aside - were sanguine about the fate ofthe art market. If Mr. Trump's plutocratic cabinet choices are any guide, therich who buy art here might soon pay even less tax than they do now. (Thenominee for Treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin, is the son of the art dealerRobert Mnuchin, whose gallery's booth was heavily trafficked.)Art Basel, which closes Sunday, offers a chance to see works from around theworld - most importantly from Latin America, home to 31 of the 269 galleriesexhibiting here. But several American galleries have rejigged their booths inresponse to the unexpected election of Nov. 8, or else are showing slightlyolder works that have taken on new, grimmer airs.On the booth of the Los Angeles dealer Susanne Vielmetter, a large, sternportrait in pencil by Karl Haendel depicts Hillary Clinton, lips pursed and eyesgazing skyward, as one-half of a diptych; the other half is solid, light-suckingblack. Gladstone Gallery, from New York, is showing a painting by ElizabethPeyton of Barack Obama, dating to 2008. Then a young senator from Illinois, Mr.Obama stands before a washy background of blue-and-gray stripes, but Ms.Peyton's adoring, soft-hued portrait appears shatteringly sad now that thepromise so many saw has been annulled.And for Gavin Brown's Enterprise, also from New York, the artist RirkritTiravanija has quickly produced three large, bitter text-based works, eachstenciled on pages of The New York Times from the day after the election. Theworks each bear a bleak, ambiguously narrated statement: "THE TYRANNY OF COMMONSENSE HAS REACHED ITS FINAL STAGE." After years when artists and curators havemystically insisted that contemporary art could have instant, magical politicalbenefits, I'll take a little fatalism.I shouldn't oversell the dourness. Art Basel is still Art Basel, and Miami, miscompañeros, is still Miami. The sun is shining, the Ubers are surge-priced, theyacht companies are hosting cocktail parties, and Chaka Khan is singing at SohoHouse. The intensely air-conditioned aisles of the Miami Beach Convention Centerfeature enough seven-figure art to decorate all your country houses, though oneblue-chip gallery that has tacked to a more historical presentation is GalerieGmurzynska, from Zurich, which has mounted a large display of art of the earlySoviet avant-garde. An arresting photocollage from Gustav Klutsis, a greatLatvian graphic artist who was executed on Stalin's orders, features a hammerand sickle atop masses of workers. The book cover designs of Varvara Stepanova,dating to 1919, consist of boldly swashed watercolor crosses, ringed with peppyCyrillic lettering.There are other strong historical presentations. A cross section of works by ManRay, ranging from photographs of his fellow Surrealists to a swank chess set,can be seen on the booth of New York's sedulous Dada specialist Francis M.Naumann. And a mini-show of three allover, pointillist abstractions from theearly 1970s by Howardena Pindell, on the booth of New York's Garth GreenanGallery, offers an extraordinary chromatic indulgence; fields of mauve andseafoam are composed of thousands and thousands of individually inked dots,prefiguring the works she would later create with paper chad. (Ms. Pindell isone of several African-American abstract painters now enjoying belated anddeserved attention, and she was on hand in the booth, beaming.)As usual at Art Basel Miami, it's Latin American galleries, particularly theBrazilian and Mexican ones, which have the most to offer to visitors who thinkof art as more than a class of assets. Bergamin & Gomide, from São Paulo, isdisplaying paintings and works on paper by familiar names like Lygia Pape, butalso by Brazilian modernists less attested in Western museums, like JudithLauand, whose geometric compositions pared Concretism down to its most minimalelements, and Alfredo Volpi, who painted faint, woozy-edged abstractions thatare as tantalizing as Ms. Lauand's are exacting. Works by Volpi are also to befound on the booth of the Rio gallery A Gentil Carioca, while São Paulo'sGaleria Leme is presenting trenchant works by Jaime Lauriano, one of the mostthoughtful artists of Brazil's young and diversifying scene, whose gracefulsilk-screened images of strange contraptions turn out to be colonial-erainstruments of torture.Latin American art is also in focus at the Pérez Art Museum, across Biscayne Bayin Miami proper, which features a large and hallucinogenic retrospective of theArgentine-born, French-based artist Julio Le Parc. A pioneer of Op and kineticart, Mr. Le Parc tripped out with colorful paintings, like a panorama of groovyrainbow stripes that would not look out of place on the set of "The Price IsRight," but also spotlit mobiles, walk-through mirrored installations andstreamers attached to a wind machine that blows at the touch of a button. Theshow is a feat of scenography, though its fun house atmosphere may leave youwondering if every single tendency of the 1960s really needs our reassessment,or whether some movements have petered out for cause.The more surprising and satisfying museum retrospective is at the Institute ofContemporary Art, Miami, an institution that scythed off a few years ago fromthe Museum of Contemporary Art North Miami and will move into a permanentfacility next year. For now, in a temporary space in the Design District, theICA has put together a superb retrospective of the German artist Thomas Bayrle,whose stuttering paintings, photocollages and films, most of which examinesystems of transport and urbanism, deserve wider American attention. A professorat Frankfurt's Städelschule, Mr. Bayrle has spent decades depicting cities andpeople as aggregations of hundreds of repeated parts, which he can now do easilyvia Photoshop but long performed by hand. His visions of oversaturated citiesoffer lots to think about when stopped dead in Basel traffic on the VenetianCauseway.Related Articles     ·    At Art Basel Miami Beach, Fewer Dabblers but Deliberative Sales