Viewed through any conventional lens, President-elect Donald Trump's candidacywas improbable from start to finish. Today, two things about his victory seem tobe in sharper focus: Trump's victory might best be understood as the success ofthe country's first independent president, and the Trump coalition may be evenmore uniquely his than President Barack Obama's.Think again about how he prevailed. A handful of major events during a generalelection give nominees a chance to showcase themselves, their judgment and theirvision. One is the selection of a running mate. Another is the staging of theconventions. A third is performance in the debates. Hillary Clinton did betterthan Trump in all three, though Trump's team believes the debates did not fallso decisively in her favor.Then there are other factors in producing a successful candidacy. These includeresources, the operations and mechanics of campaigning, and the skill with whichcandidates avoid mistakes and deal with the unexpected setbacks.Clinton raised more money than Trump. She had a larger number of paid stafferson the ground in the battleground states. She ran more television ads by far. Hecreated needless controversies throughout the general election, while herproblems were far fewer. Only in the final days did he seem surer of himself.In other words, Trump came out the loser on virtually every aspect of howcampaigns are usually evaluated. Yet today he is staffing his administration andClinton is still absorbing the brutal shock of having lost a race she believedwas hers.Trump owes his success in part to an environment that favored change over thestatus quo. But his luck or genius goes beyond that. It has long been noted thatthe conditions have existed for an independent candidate to run a seriouscampaign for president. The level of dissatisfaction with Washington, theanxiety over the economy and the generally sour mood about the future providedthe foundation for a campaign by someone from outside the system, who is tied toneither political party and with a promise to shake things up.What has stood in the way is that winning the presidency in a system that soclearly favors the two major parties is something of a hopeless cause. That's abig reason former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg decided not to run severaltimes when he seriously explored the idea.Trump took the elements of an independent candidacy -- the lack of clearideology, the name recognition of a national celebrity and the personal fortuneneeded to fund a presidential campaign -- and then did what no one seemed tohave thought of before. He staged a hostile takeover of an existing major party.He had the best of both worlds, an outsider candidacy with crosscuttingideological appeal and the platform of a major party to wage the generalelection. By the time he had finished, he had taken down two politicaldynasties: the Bush dynasty in the primaries and the Clinton dynasty in thegeneral election.All through the campaign, one big question was whether 2016 would produce a newelectoral map. Mostly this was an outgrowth of the hope among Democrats thatchanging demographics -- rising numbers of Hispanics in particular -- along witha growing proportion of the population with college degrees would move somestates from red to purple and others from purple to blue.The Clinton team saw Virginia and Colorado as two states that had moved towardthe Democrats during the Obama years and now were securely in the party'scolumn. They saw an opportunity to win in Arizona and believed that Georgiawould soon become a true battleground. Even bright red Texas looked more inplay.The flip side of this "demography is destiny" concept was that, for a time, theRepublicans might have their best opportunity to change the map by focusing on ahandful of Northern industrial states, all of which have older, whiterpopulations and lower percentages of college graduates.But with the exception of Ohio, those states -- Pennsylvania, Michigan andWisconsin -- were all part of what the "Blue Wall," shorthand for states that asof 2012 had voted Democratic in six consecutive presidential elections. Despitethe demographics, it seemed that wall would be too high for Trump to surmount,even though his messages on trade and immigration were tailor-made for voters inthat region.What happened was that this map of a new America came true only in part. Trumpconverted the portion of the map that was suddenly hospitable to his message,and Clinton failed to win the states that someday might lean more Democratic.The northern map was riper for picking by Trump -- barely, given the tightresults in Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania -- than the southern map forClinton.For Republicans, the fact that Trump won the presidency while losing the popularvote should remain a concern. It was the second time in five recent electionsthat the GOP has got the White House with fewer votes, as Clinton probably willemerge with a raw vote margin significantly higher than Al Gore in 2000.An analysis by Mark Gersh of the National Committee for an Effective Congresslooked at the vote in 14 swing states vs. the rest of the country. Trump won thepopular vote in those 14 states and got 142 of his electoral votes from them. Inthe other 36 states, he lost the popular vote by an even larger margin. He foundthe votes where he needed them. She did not.How did he do it? Take a look at Ohio. For years, the state has been a classicbellwether and, in the three previous elections, ground zero in the battle forthe White House. This year it went to Trump by 8 points and shifted from itshistorical norm by the biggest margin in more than half a century.Similar patterns existed in the other Northern industrial states. Yet in thethree formerly blue states that Trump converted, Clinton might have won had shenot suffered erosion among African American voters -- one key portion of theObama coalition -- or prevented more white, college-educated voters from movingaway from her and returning home to the GOP, the group her team saw as a keyelement of a new Clinton coalition.Trump redrew the map just as he redrew the rules for running a campaign. Forthose reasons alone, and despite all the controversy of his campaign and theearlier personnel appointments, he ought not to be underestimated and/or seenthrough conventional lenses.-- Dan Balz is chief correspondent at The Washington Post, and served asnational editor, political editor and White House correspondent.