Donald Trump was offered an early holiday present this weekend: an opportunityto act like a statesman and begin healing this fractured nation. Instead thepresident-elect reached for his smartphone and tweeted a gratuitousoverstatement and fat falsehood:"In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popularvote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally."Trump's Electoral College margin of 306 to 232 over Democrat Hillary Clintonhardly qualifies as a landslide. Eight of the 17 elections since 1952 alone havebeen won by wider electoral margins, including the two won by Barack Obama.But even if you spot him "landslide," you can't forgive the "millions of peoplewho voted illegally." There is simply no factual evidence to support that. None.Zero. To state otherwise perpetuates the lie about a "rigged election" that wasTrumpeted during the campaign until he, oops, won the presidency. It furtherundermines faith in the democratic process, not to mention his own credibility.Democrats may be inept, but if they were going to rig an election, they wouldhave rigged it so their candidate won.But the Green Party has a history of questioning the integrity of electronicvoting machines. And given that U.S. intelligence agencies have stated flatlythat the Russian government interfered with the election - though the agencieshaven't alleged that voting was hacked - the Green Party's presidentialcandidate, Jill Stein, is challenging the election results in Wisconsin. Resultsin Pennsylvania and Michigan may also be challenged. Trump won all three statesby a combined 100,000 votes.Will the recount flip enough votes to overturn the election? No previous recounthas changed that many votes. But after the Clinton campaign said it wouldparticipate in the election to protect its interests, Trump went ballistic,tweeting "The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossiblerecounts is now being joined by the badly defeated & demoralized Dems."Clinton now holds a 2.2-million-vote margin over Trump in the popular vote,something that apparently touches Trump's deep insecurities. He felt moved toexplain by tweet:"It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote thanthe Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4 states instead ofthe 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly(but smaller states are forgotten)!"Here's a man who's been elected to the most powerful office in the world and,instead of focusing on the job at hand, he's spending his time whining. Perhapshe thinks it will distract Americans from news reports about his very realfinancial conflicts of interest. Perhaps he just needs ceaseless affirmation.Either way, he's not looking very presidential.LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHGRAPHIC:  Donald Trump on the campaign trail. He was elected. Apparently that'snot enough. (AP photo)DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIALPUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper