HARRISBURG - The Green Party-backed push for a recount of Pennsylvania'spresidential election results will get its day in court.Commonwealth Court has scheduled a hearing for 10 a.m. Monday in Harrisburg toconsider the recount effort pushed by former Green Party presidential candidateJill Stein, according to a court order Tuesday.Ms. Stein's campaign helped coordinate a legal challenge this week seeking thestatewide recount, contending the Nov. 8 election was illegal and its resultsinaccurate.It cited as evidence research by computer scientists pointing to potentialhacking of electronic voting machines, as well as numerous news reports ofhacking, possibly by foreign governments, into email accounts associated withthe Democratic National Committee and the campaign chairman for Hillary Clinton.In scheduling Monday's hearing, the court order said little about theproceeding. But it said "a conclusive decision" on the matter must be reached byDec. 13, the deadline for Pennsylvania's electors to declare who wins thestate's 20 electoral votes.The recount petition was filed Monday on behalf of at least 100 Pennsylvaniavoters.Election-law experts said they expect lawyers for Ms. Stein's campaign will needto produce concrete evidence of election irregularities to bolster their casefor a recount."I would expect that the court, in order to hold this up, will need to see morethan what was contained in their pleading," said one, Kathleen Jones Goldman, aBuchanan, Ingersoll & Rooney lawyer who chairs the Pittsburgh chapter of theRepublican National Lawyers Association but has no role in this case.Ms. Stein has raised about $6 million to finance recount efforts in three keystates - Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan - that sealed President-electDonald Trump's victory over Ms. Clinton. She lost by fewer than 100,000 votes inall three states, which have a recent history of backing Democrats.Republicans have decried the effort in Pennsylvania as an act of desperation bya failed campaign. Pedro Cortes, who as Pennsylvania secretary of state servesas the state's top election officer, has said repeatedly that there has been noevidence of voter irregularities Nov. 8.Besides the Commonwealth Court petition, Ms. Stein's campaign is helping toorganize recount efforts at the precinct level in at least a half-dozen countiesacross the state, including Allegheny County, where officials said recountswould take place Monday in 52 districts where voters filed petitions seeking therecanvass.The recounts will involve only the races for president and U.S. Senate; theresults reported on Election Night will be compared with those stored on votingmachines' internal memories.Of the 52 districts being challenged, 33 are in Pittsburgh, with the heaviestconcentration in the East End's 14th Ward. Seven more are in Mt. Lebanon, twoare in Edgewood and single precincts are in Aspinwall, Bellevue, Ben Avon,Bethel Park, Castle Shannon, Dormont, Ohio Township, Pine, Swissvale andWhitehall.Although Republicans have denounced the recount effort, of the 52 precincts inAllegheny County, Ms. Clinton won all but three, sometimes by margins of 4 to 1.That's almost certainly because initiating a recount requires petitions fromthree voters in a district -and such voters are most likely to come from liberalareas.The distribution simply reflects "where voters and volunteers came forward,"said Ilann Maazel, an attorney involved in the recount bid. "This is agrassroots movement by hundreds and hundreds of people around the state who wantto make sure every vote was counted accurately."The Stein campaign said Tuesday that recount petitions had been filed in morethan 260 election districts statewide. In addition to Allegheny, the countiesincluded Berks, Bucks, Centre, Montgomery and Philadelphia.LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHPUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper