HIGHLIGHT: The regions and classes that send their children off to war were thesame ones that voted for the president-elect.In one of the early Democratic presidential debates, the candidates were askedwhich enemy they were the proudest of making. Tellingly, most offered apolitical response: Hillary Clinton singled out Republicans; Martin O'Malley, aformer Maryland governor, mentioned the National Rifle Association; SenatorBernie Sanders turned his ire on Wall Street; and Lincoln Chafee, a former RhodeIsland governor, discussed the coal lobby.Former Senator Jim Webb, the most centrist of the bunch, instead spoke of hismilitary service: "I would have to say the enemy soldier that threw the grenadethat wounded me, but he's not around right now to talk to."My family - most of whom live in southwestern Ohio - roared with approval. Weadmired not just his skill in war, but his perspective: Senator Webb wasn't aman whose enemies were made in politics, but in battle. An enemy was someonetrying to kill you, not a fellow citizen who might take a different position ona political topic.Meanwhile, many on the cultural left cringed. Twitter exploded with mockery.MSNBC identified it as a "head-scratching moment." Others criticized SenatorWebb's "creepy" smirk as he responded to the question. Most everyone in myfamily knew exactly why he might bring some levity to such a recollection:because without a sense of humor, much of what goes on in war becomes unbearableand debilitating. Yet much of the country responded instead with jeers andcondescension.In August, Gallup published an extensive study on the roots of Donald J. Trump'ssupport. While the study made waves for complicating the narrative that Mr.Trump's voters were motivated purely by economic anxiety, one of the paper'sconclusions received little attention: that Mr. Trump draws heavily fromveterans and their relatives.The military is arguably the most significant social institution in our country.More than a million Americans serve in the armed forces in some active orreserve capacity, and that doesn't count the millions more civilian contractorsand recent veterans and their families. To these Americans, the military isn'tjust an organ of the national security state; it is a safety net, health careprovider, employer, educator and landlord.Despite its significance, it doesn't touch all parts of our country equally. ThePew Research Center found that while a majority of older Americans had somefamily ties to the military, only a third of 18- to 29-year-olds did. This ispartly geographic: The military relies heavily on recruits from rural areas andthe South. Kids from the mid-Atlantic and Northeast, on the other hand,volunteer for service much less frequently.But it's also about class: Both extremely high- and low-income families areunderrepresented, making military service especially common among the working-and middle-class voters who form the core of the Republican Party.The transition after the Vietnam War to an all-volunteer force created theworld's finest professional military. But it also reinforced geographic andcultural divisions that reveal themselves in our voting. One recent paper foundthat in lower- and middle-income families, children with higher test scores aremore likely to enlist, while the opposite held true for upper-income families.In communities like mine, we send our best and brightest to our armed forces.Our culture's elites, on the other hand, encourage their children to do justabout anything else.To serve in the modern military - or to be the uncle, parent or sibling of onewho does - is to treat the necessary service and sacrifice of war with a sacredhonor. In my community, we pile into cars and drive hundreds of miles to watchour children's graduation from basic training. We shed tears of sorrow when wedrop them at the airport to go to war and tears of joy when we pick them upafter they've returned unharmed. We take our brother to church and ask ourpastor to pray for his safety. We fight on the phone with our wife's health careprovider at Veterans Affairs. We wonder whether that temper a friend developedin Afghanistan is evidence of a long-term mental health problem.Admirably, most Americans have managed to separate their political feelingsabout a given conflict from their appreciation for those who served. But thechasm remains, even while most of our fellow citizens enthusiastically supportthe troops. They see our Middle East wars as political issues to understand anddebate, not as the signal moment in the lives of the people they care mostabout.Predictably, this division has also infected our political culture: One sideloves our military and lives alongside it; the other party respects - evenreveres - our men and women in uniform. Yet reverence and respect are poorsubstitutes for kinship, as Jim Webb himself learned about a year ago.In a speech announcing that he had ended his long-shot bid for the nomination,Mr. Webb wondered aloud whether his views were consistent with the "powerstructure and the nominating base of the Democratic Party." Hundreds ofthousands - possibly millions - of working-class whites switched their votesfrom Barack Obama to Donald Trump. I suspect many of them thought the same thingwhen they went to the polls.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion),and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.J. D. Vance is the author of "Hillbilly Elegy" and a contributing opinionwriter.