Some 3,000 Americans came together in Pittsburgh last week to talk about ourdivides.That was not the only item on the agenda but the four-day conference of theNational League of Cities did follow on heels of perhaps the most divisivepresidential election since 1860. So it was the elephant (and not the expecteddonkey) in the room as the conference opened.Thursday afternoon's welcoming ceremony at the David L. Lawrence ConventionCenter began with a patriotic medley that included the singing of "God BlessAmerica" by uniformed Pittsburgh Police Officer Ronald Hough. Mayor Bill Pedutothen tapped the usual touchstones of steel, family, sports and rebirth in hisopening address, holding off on discussing the election until he called upon his"inner Mr. Rogers'' and donned a sweater."If we work together we can do anything," he said. "The 21st century is thecentury of cities."That may be, but Mr. Peduto might have added that this year the small placeskicked big cities' collective butt.I love my country and the latest only-in-America story I can't wait to tell thegrandkids is that the guy who kept saying the election was rigged won ourpresidency with fewer votes than the loser. With results still being countedFriday, it appeared Hillary Clinton had a million or more votes than DonaldTrump. For that she gets some lovely parting gifts and thanks for playing ourgame.It will work this way for the second time in 16 years because our ElectoralCollege makes it as important to carry places as people. Just as the U.S. Senategives outsized clout to small states - California with 38.3 million people getstwo votes as does Wyoming with 583,000 - the Electoral College makes votes insome states more crucial than in others.Republicans in California and Democrats in Wyoming who cast their presidentialvotes had no hope of backing the winner, which is true in every dependablelandslide state. It's not true in Pennsylvania, where voters had important workto do.Allegheny County voters went for Mrs. Clinton by a 105,529-vote margin andPhiladelphia had her by more than 557,000 votes. That helped her to a - wait forit - 57,570-vote loss to Mr. Trump, who will get all 20 electoral votes.You've undoubtedly seen the map of Pennsylvania counties that shows the blueDemocratic islands in a sea of Republican red, a map that echoes the U.S. map inthat way. Mr. Trump's Michigan and Wisconsin victories were even closer than inPennsylvania, with much the same urban/rural split. Had those three states goneMs.Clinton's way, she'd have won.It's time to rethink an old Democratic dismissal of the hinterlands' importance,"trees don't vote," because this time there was real bite behind all that bark.It's not time to rethink the Electoral College, though some are tilting at thatwindmill.On Tuesday, Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif., introduced a bill to abolish thesystem via constitutional amendment, legislation that will be dead on arrivalbecause the red states are in charge. Democratic energies would be better spenttrying figure out why their economic message - when they bothered to make one -gained no traction outside of big cities."These two candidates were talking to two different countries. They reallywere," Candy Crowley, former chief political correspondent for CNN, saidThursday at the City Summit.There are racial and class divisions within cities, too, a fact on the mind ofmore than one conference speaker. But the cultural divide between city andcountry has become a chasm. As Richard Shearer of the Brookings Institutionwrote in an election post-mortem, cities have boomed in the past eight yearswhile rural areas have fewer jobs. Meantime, small metro areas are by and largestuck in neutral. The anger is palpable.The subtext of calls for Electoral College reform is a way for Democrats to notneed "those people" anymore. That's not just bad political strategy; it's badgovernance. A lot of those people were not long ago the party's coreconstituency. Writing them off seems like a scene from "The Hunger Games," withcoddled urban elites turning their backs to the small towns and countryside.OK, sure, that's overly dramatic. Plenty of Pittsburghers have hardships greaterthan the people in the 56 Pennsylvania counties that Mr. Trump won. But I justwatched him win with the false hope of bringing back coal and steel jobs in abig way. That crock sold because Democrats spent so much time rallying theirbase in the cities that Mr. Trump had an audience pretty much to himself.The city of Pittsburgh has been trotting out a new slogan, "If it's not for all,it's not for us." Democrats ought to take that show on the road.LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHNOTES: Brian O'Neill: boneill@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1947 or on Twitter@brotheroneill /PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper