Most Arizonans probably don't know that their state is home to the chairman of anational political party.Since 2014, Nicholas Sarwark has chaired the Libertarian National Committee. AnArizona native, Sarwark returned home to Arizona several years ago after livingin Colorado and Maryland, and planned to follow in his father's footsteps bypreparing to take over the family auto dealership.Sarwark, 37, also followed in his father's footsteps in another way, taking uphis libertarian ideals as a young man. Since then, he's run the LibertarianParty in Maryland and helped run it in Colorado. Now, he chairs the LibertarianParty at the national level. And with the presidential election and Libertariannominee Gary Johnson out of the spotlight, he becomes his party's national face.How does a 37-year-old become the national chairman of a political party?I've been involved in the Libertarian Party my entire adult life, since probably'98, '99, when I got out of college. And I had been exposed to it going back towhen I was like 12 years old going to Maricopa County Libertarian meetings withmy dad. So I've never been anything other than a Libertarian. It was actually alonger trip through the ranks than it may seem from my age. I was chairman ofthe Libertarian Party of Maryland back when I lived there, and then vicechairman of the Libertarian Party of Colorado, and served on the nationaljudicial committee, which is part of our internal appellate body, if you will,and some bylaws committees and things like that. So I've been around it for along time. And mostly I just saw the party not going in the direction I wantedit to go back in 2014. And that coincided with some career choices that I couldmake that would make it a possibility to have that kind of profile. And I ran acampaign.What was the direction of the party that you didn't like?We weren't moving as fast as we should with the rise of libertarianism in thebroader American populace. So we were getting all sorts of popularity for thingslike marijuana legalization and marriage equality and things that theLibertarian Party had had as part of the platform since the early '70s. But theLibertarian Party's membership growth and voter registration growth were anemicin comparison or almost stagnant. And I felt like we needed to go out and put astronger face on libertarianism, and one that appealed more to a vast swath ofAmericans that are disaffected from politics generally and a new, youngergeneration that have not made their political decision yet. The other thing is Ihad training as an attorney. I was a deputy public defender in Colorado for fiveyears. Public speaking is one of those things that I'm comfortable with, and wedid not previously have a chairman who did a lot of media interviews, who wentout and spoke on TV or gave speeches and things like that. So we needed someoneto be the higher-profile face of the party during that time when we're not in anelection cycle. Yeah, for the last five months, everyone wants to talk to GaryJohnson and not me. And that's fine. But for the next 19 months, somebody has tobe the one who answers the call for interviews or things like that and is ableto present an articulate and clear vision to the American people.Some people are late converts to libertarianism, but for you it was in yourfamily?Yes, I'm one of the second-generation Libertarians, of which there are manymore, and hopefully my three kids will also be. So they'll be third generation.And it does give me a different perspective.You're a native Arizonan who lived out of state for a while. What brought youback to Arizona?My family owns Consolidated Auto Sales at 16th Street and Van Buren, which isthe oldest independent car dealership in Phoenix. It's been there since 1942,when my grandfather founded it. I had done a lot of things. I hadn't wanted tojust go into the family business because I could. So I was a computer consultantfor a long time in D.C. And then I went to law school. I was a deputy publicdefender in Colorado for five years. And my father someday wants to actuallyretire rather than be there two weeks before he passes away, like my grandfatherwas. And it came time to discuss whether or not we wanted to let the businessshut down or if I wanted to come and be part of it. I had done other things, soI knew what I was missing. And I felt like it was time to be that thirdgeneration and keep that business going. It's been kind of a pillar of thecommunity. We employ, I think it's 11 or 12 people. They have good jobs that canfeed their families. We've helped families get cars for decades.Gary Johnson got a little under 4 percent of the vote in Arizona, but increasedhis 2012 showing pretty dramatically. Is that more a result of Libertarianmomentum or of the unpopularity of Clinton and Trump?It's a little bit of both. The unpopularity of the old party candidates was hugethis year. But if you look at trend lines, especially nationally, you have apresident-elect who received less votes than either Mitt Romney or John McCain,both of whom lost badly. You have a runner-up who got 6 million less votes thanPresident Obama got in 2012 nationally, almost 7 million less votes. And thenyou have the Libertarian candidate tripling our vote total and getting 4 millionvotes. It's all about long-term trend lines.Obviously you were all in for Johnson, but did you have a preference betweenClinton and Trump?Not really. ... I had plans and still have plans for how to deal with eitherlikely election outcome, as far as what issues the Libertarian Party will bestressing going forward. With this one, we have to wait and see what he actuallydoes, because if there's one constant with Donald Trump, it's that you don'tcount on what he says. You wait and see what he actually delivers.http://www.azcapitoltimes.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more fromthis resource.