Sessions faces civil rights questionsPresident-elect considering picks for State, DefensePresident-elect Donald Trump on Friday signaled his intention to deliver on hishard-line campaign promises on immigration policy, voting rights, policing anddomestic surveillance of Muslims and others suspected of terrorist ties bytapping a trio of staunch conservatives for senior national security roles inhis administration.Trump announced that he plans to nominate Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) asattorney general and Rep. Mike Pompeo (R-Kan.) as CIA director, while alsochoosing retired lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn as his White House nationalsecurity adviser.Trump's selections were greeted with widespread applause by his core supportersand other Republicans. But Democrats and civil rights advocates denouncedSessions and Flynn for their controversial records, portending a potentiallymessy Senate confirmation process for Sessions, a 20-year veteran of thechamber.The announcements came as Trump is weighing his choices for two of the Cabinet'shighest- profile posts: secretary of state and secretary of defense. Heretreated Friday afternoon to his golf club at Bedminster, N.J., where heintends to spend the weekend with working sessions with his staff and visitors,including 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney.Sessions, 69, was Trump's first endorser in the Senate and quickly became aninfluential policy adviser to the GOP nominee. He consistently defended Trump,including after an "Access Hollywood" video showed Trump bragging about grabbingwomen by their genitals. Sessions argued that Trump's comments did not describesexual assault.Sessions has been dogged by accusations of racism throughout his career. In1986, he was denied a federal judgeship after former colleagues testified beforea Senate committee that he joked about the Ku Klux Klan, saying he thought theywere "okay, until he learned that they smoked marijuana."The NAACP wrote in a Twitter message that Sessions's nomination is "deeplytroubling, and supports an old, ugly history where Civil Rights were notregarded as core American values."Rep. Luis V. Gutiérrez (D-Ill.) said in a statement, "If you have nostalgia forthe days when blacks kept quiet, gays were in the closet, immigrants wereinvisible and women stayed in the kitchen, Senator Jefferson Beauregard Sessionsis your man."Senate Republican leaders rallied to Sessions's defense and said they intendedto approve his nomination to lead the Justice Department and serve as thenation's top law enforcement officer.In a statement, Trump heaped praise on his nominee, celebrating Sessions's"world-class legal mind" and noting his tenure in Alabama as U.S. attorney andstate attorney general. "Jeff is greatly admired by legal scholars and virtuallyeveryone who knows him," Trump said.Sessions said in a statement that there was "no greater honor" than to lead theJustice Department."I enthusiastically embrace President-elect Trump's vision for 'one America,'and his commitment to equal justice under law," Sessions said. "I look forwardto fulfilling my duties with an unwavering dedication to fairness andimpartiality."Because of Senate filibuster rule changes, Democrats' options to derailSessions's nomination are limited. To be confirmed, Sessions would need a simplemajority in the Republican-controlled chamber.Unlike Sessions and Pompeo, Flynn is appointed and does not require Senateconfirmation. Still, Trump's pick of the three-star general and decoratedintelligence officer has ignited controversy.Flynn has made inflammatory and derogatory comments about Muslims, and hetraveled to Moscow last year to dine alongside Russian President Vladimir Putinat a gala celebrating RT, the state-run propaganda television network. Flynnalso supported Trump's call for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the UnitedStates.The president elect is also scheduled to meet Saturday with Romney, who was afierce critic of Trump's candidacy but who is being discussed as a potentialcandidate for secretary of state.Other scheduled visitors on Saturday include former D.C. public schoolschancellor Michelle Rhee, Chicago Cubs co-owner Todd Ricketts and retired Marinegeneral James Mattis, who is seen as a plausible defense secretary.Vice President-elect Mike Pence, who is chairing Trump's transition, put apositive spin on Trump's announced appointments and future selections during abrief visit with reporters Friday at Trump Tower in New York."The president-elect is a man of action, and we've got a great number of men andwomen with great qualifications who look forward to serving in thisadministration," Pence said. "Our agency teams arrived in Washington, D.C., thismorning, and I am very confident it will be a smooth transition that will serveto lead this country forward."Trump characterized Flynn, who was one of his most trusted campaign advisers andfrequently traveled with him and spoke at rallies, as "one of the country'sforemost experts on military and intelligence matters.""I am pleased that Lieutenant General Michael Flynn will be by my side as wework to defeat radical Islamic terrorism, navigate geopolitical challenges andkeep Americans safe at home and abroad," Trump said.After meeting with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Thursday evening, Trumpcontinued his outreach to world leaders on Friday by speaking by phone with NATOSecretary General Jens Stoltenberg.During the campaign, Trump had said he might reconsider the United States'commitment to the alliance. But he and Stoltenberg "underlined NATO's enduringimportance" during Friday's call, according to a statement from a NATOspokeswoman. Stoltenberg invited Trump to Brussels for the NATO summit nextyear.As they have all week, potential administration appointees cycled through TrumpTower on Friday for face-to-face meetings with the president-elect, includingSen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.), a potential defense secretary candidate, and formerArkansas governor Mike Huckabee (R), who is under consideration to be U.S.ambassador to Israel.Huckabee swatted away questions from reporters about whether he was seeking aposition. "My job right now is to listen to the president-elect," he said. "It'shis job to make the decisions. ... The only person giving out jobs in thisbuilding is President-elect Donald Trump, not me."Meantime, the Trump transition named agency landing teams for the departments ofDefense, State and Justice, along with the National Security Council, to helpsmooth the transfer of power in the weeks leading up to Trump's inaugurationJan. 20. Teams will begin work in other agencies and departments next week.Trump's selection of Pompeo to lead the CIA did not spark as much controversy ashis choices of Sessions and Flynn.Pompeo, 52, was elected to the House in 2010 as part of the first wave of teaparty lawmakers. A U.S. Military Academy and Harvard Law School graduate, heserved as an Army cavalry officer before founding an aerospace company andrunning an oil-field equipment manufacturing firm. He also has worked as anattorney with the Washington mega-firm Williams and Connolly.Pompeo serves on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and is aclose ally of Pence. He backed Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) over Trump in theRepublican primaries but supported Trump in the general election.A vocal critic of Obama's nuclear accord with Iran, Pompeo gained prominencethrough his role in the congressional investigation into the 2012 attacks inBenghazi, Libya, and assailed former secretary of state Hillary Clinton duringthe committee's hearings.Trump said of Pompeo: "He has served our country with honor and spent his lifefighting for the security of our citizens. ... He will be a brilliant andunrelenting leader for our intelligence community to ensure the safety ofAmericans and our allies."Senate Democrats have pledged a rigorous confirmation review for all of Trump'snominees - especially Sessions."I know Senator Sessions and we work out in the gym, but the fact that he is asenator does not absolve him from answering tough questions in the confirmationprocess," incoming Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) said in astatement. "Given some of his past statements and his staunch opposition toimmigration reform, I am very concerned about what he would do with the CivilRights Division at the Department of Justice and want to hear what he has tosay."But some conservatives suggested it would be politically damaging to Democratsif they attempt to block Trump's nominees, pointing to the fact that a handfulof Senate Democrats face reelection in 2018 in states that Trump carriedhandily."Mr. Trump has a plane and double-digit victories where Senate Democrats are upfor reelection," said Leonard A. Leo, executive vice president of the FederalistSociety. "Obstructing his nominees will be a political loser."david.nakamura@washpost.comphilip.rucker@washpost.comelise.viebeck@washpost.comKaren DeYoung, Robert Costa, Mike DeBonis, Ellen Nakashima, Greg Miller andKatie Zezima contributed to this report.