Making Electoral College worseA commentary opposed scrapping the ElectoralCollege in favor of the direct popular election of the president ("Modest tweakto reform the Electoral College," Monday). As an alternative, the commentarycalled for awarding electoral votes by congressional district rather than thecurrent winner-take-all by state system we have.As bad as our system is, this proposed solution would be far worse.Congressional districts are not some fair set of boundaries that are drawn inheaven. They are highly partisan, gerrymandered, and unfair. They are drawn toensure that the results of elections are never in doubt.After the Pennsylvania General Assembly redrew the district boundaries in 2012,Democratic congressional candidates got 75,000 more votes than Republicancandidates statewide. Despite this, Republicans held 13 seats, and Democratsonly five. This happened in state after state.Under the commentary's proposal, even though President Obama won by five millionvotes nationally in 2012, Mitt Romney would have been elected president. Inother words, the proposal would have the effect of fixing the presidential raceso that it is no longer competitive. Republicans would win every time. Thisseems to be antidemocratic and far worse than the current system or a directpopular vote.|Daylin Leach, state senator (D., Montgomery and Delaware Counties), King ofPrussia, senatorleach@pasenate.comCan't ignore gerrymanderingIt is disingenuous for a commentary to suggest theallocation of Electoral College votes by congressional district, withoutmentioning the partisan political gerrymandering that has mangled the districtboundaries in Pennsylvania and most other states. Basing Electoral College voteson congressional districts would increase the stakes and provide even moreincentive for redistricting abuses.Pennsylvania legislators in both parties have sponsored bills to makeredistricting the responsibility of an independent commission, for which activepoliticians and lobbyists would be ineligible. The bills are dead for thissession but are expected to reappear in January. Action must begin in the2017-18 session to change the redistricting process ahead of the 2020 census.|Bob Warner, PhiladelphiaPraying for president-electAs a New York state senator and president of the NewYork Hispanic Clergy Organization, I would like to congratulate Donald Trump onhis victory.Our pastors and churches applaud his pro-life and traditional values, hispromise to appoint people to the U.S. Supreme Court who have conservativevalues, and his promise to allow pastors to speak about matters of faith withoutthe fear of retaliation or retribution by our government.It is uplifting to see his efforts to unify this nation by inviting people whodisagree with him and who outwardly opposed his candidacy to meet with him,allowing people from all walks of life to be heard. Our ministers and churcheswill pray that the Lord will bless him with the wisdom and fortitude to servenobly and faithfully as the president of the United States of America and thathe will treat the needs of our children, senior citizens, veterans, immigrants,poor, and needy families with compassion.|Rev. Ruben Diaz, state senator (D., Bronx), Albany, N.Y.Calling out Trump supportersTo the Donald Trump supporters who have been silentabout their support for the president-elect, and to those who have trumpetedtheir support, we the people of the United States of America implore you to takea stand against bigotry, hate, and intolerance. It's not political correctness -it's human decency.If you support Trump and are not racist, stand up for black lives. If yousupport Trump and are not misogynist, stand up for women. If you support Trumpand are Christian, stand up for Muslims and people of other religions. If yousupport Trump and support immigrants, stand up for Hispanics and other peopleswho have come to our country in search of a better life. If you support Trumpand you support gay rights, take a stand.Take a stand for just one of these groups, more if you can. Humanity needs usall.|Whitney Schott, JenkintownWhy pollsters got it wrongAs a physicist with a degree in applied mathematics,it was no surprise that so many of the polls were wrong in this election.First, human beings are inherently nonlinear and are governed in part byemotion, which enables their creativity and was necessary for their evolutionarysurvival. Humans must learn rational thinking. Thus, predicting human behavioris more of a pseudoscience - we neither behave as robots nor always do as we'retold by the media and our "leaders."Second, I can attest to the agonizingly slow and painful process of beingqueried by a pollster.Third, because of the incessant and almost hysterical reporting on Donald Trump,many supporters simply didn't intimate their preference for fear of beingcondemned or attacked until entering the relative security of the voting booth.We witnessed a classic case of confirmation bias among the polling "experts,"many of whom don't have degrees in mathematics but are paid handsomely to injecttheir pseudointellectual bias into their analyses.The saddest result of this election debacle is that a large portion of Americansdon't trust the media, our government, or polling experts, which does not bodewell for the future.|Michael Pravica, Henderson, Nev., pravica@yahoo.comSessions would be a bad pickSen. Jeff Sessions as Donald Trump's nominee forattorney general ("Session may face a fight," Nov. 18)? Another racist in theadministration - check his failed nomination to the federal bench - and to theposition charged with enforcing federal antidiscrimination laws. Another hint ofwhat "great again" means to the president-elect. A perfect expression of Trump'svalues, but a mockery of America's.|Stephen Ulan, WynnewoodIn 1937, President Roosevelt nominated U.S. Sen. Hugo Black of Alabama to theU.S. Supreme Court. For a brief period during the 1920s, Black was a member ofthe Ku Klux Klan.In 1953, President Eisenhower nominated California Gov. Earl Warren to be chiefjustice of the Supreme Court. In 1942, when Warren was California's attorneygeneral, he forcefully advocated for the internment of 120,000 JapaneseAmericans.Despite their checkered pasts, Black and Warren are remembered as liberals whohelped give American law a sharp push to the left.Let's hope Sen. Jeff Sessions, despite his prior racist comments, is willing tobe as open- and fair-minded as Black and Warren.|Paul L. Newman, Merion StationMcConnell changes his tuneI was moved by Senate Majority Leader MitchMcConnell's pleas to move on and "accept the results of the election." By moved,I mean sickened and revolted. This is the same McConnell who, eight years ago,when faced with the election of Barack Obama winning both a majority and theElectoral College vote, pledged to make him a one-term president and block everyinitiative. What is different now? The party in power. It would seem electionsare only valid when your party wins.So, we move on and "accept results" only when Republicans win? Their hypocrisyand cravenness is staggering.|James Davis, Conshohocken