Brilliant columnI am a lifelong Vallejoan and read the Times-Herald daily. I must comment on thecolumn by Jack F.K. Bungart in the Nov. 13 Times-Herald.Brilliant!I couldn't agree more with Mr. Bungart's assessment of the unfortunate electionresults. In my opinion, there has never been another candidate as qualified toserve as Mrs. Clinton, a first lady, senator and secretary of state, or asunqualified as Mr. Trump, with no experience whatsoever.Mrs. Clinton's concession speech brought tears to  my eyes. That's what a classact she is! Mr. Trump is not fit to shine her shoes!- Donna Johnson/VallejoBring on the protestsIt is seldom that I'm critical of a letter to this paper by my friend EdRosenback, who usually writes such thoughtful letters, but the recent lettercaptioned "Post-Election blues" is an exception. Perhaps he meant to refer to aparticular extreme example of post-election protest, but this is nowhere evidentin the text. If that's what he was referring to a different letter should havebeen composed.Saying that what disturbs him is " ...the high school student population risingin protest against one of our country's hallmark traditions ..." seems to notonly criticize the protests, but the fact that "high school students" inparticular have been energized by this political event. Elections are important,but are they sacred or immune to criticism or protest? I don't think so. It'sfree speech. There is a reason the First Amendment is the "First" amendment.It's important.While I certainly don't condone violence or willful destruction of property,protests against injustices or behavior have always been a vital part of ourdemocracy and I am heartened that complacency and resignation are not ruling theday. It's good to see high school students getting politically active. I don'tsee this as a case where ''... the education system has failed our youth" but asurprising demonstration of their awareness of the world around them and thedesire to do something to make it better.To, in this same letter, characterize protests against the election result as"coup tactics" is a wild  exaggeration, bearing little, if any, resemblance toan actual coup. To somehow try and shame those teachers involved for "lack ofknowledge of our nation's core processes" is a baseless accusation.I remember marching with one of my teachers in opposition to the Vietnam War,and feeling proud that we were taking a stand against what I still regard as anunjust war. I certainly could never perceive my teacher as not teaching "truth"(whatever that may mean). That accusation sounds like one best reserved foreducators who deny climate change, evolution or for other members of the flatearth society.I supported neither of the final two candidates, but to expect people to sitidly by while a president-elect makes disparaging comments about women, ethnicand other minorities and has one of his initial appointments praised by the KuKlux Klan, is unrealistic.Violence? No!Willful destruction of property? No!Protests? Bring 'em on!- Kevin M. Ingraham/VallejoLOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHPUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper