WASHINGTON   In 1992, President George H.W. Bush ceremonially signed the NorthAmerican Free Trade Agreement, slashing tariffs throughout Canada, Mexico andthe United States. In 2016, the agreement signed by a Texas Republican faces itspotential demise through Republican President-elect Donald Trump, elected on awave of populism in Rust Belt states where free trade is seen as anathema tomanufacturing jobs. Republicans have generally supported free trade andexpanding trade agreements for decades. It was Democrats who vehemently opposedNAFTA in the early 1990s. It was a coalition of labor unions, students andleftists who stormed the streets of Seattle in 1999 to protest the World TradeOrganization. And it was Vermont Sen.Bernie Sanders who pushed Hillary Clinton for months during the Democraticpresidential primary with his opposition toward the proposed Trans-PacificPartnership trade agreement. Texas Republicans in Washington and Austin supportfree trade, as business interests have claimed the state benefits from closeeconomic ties with Mexico in particular.  NAFTA is not a dirty word in Texas,U.S. Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn said in an interview with the BrookingsInstitution earlier this year. But Trump called NAFTA the  worst trade deal everduring the campaign and threatened to hike tariffs on certain Mexican goods,worrying trade associations and business interests. The Texas Republican Partywent one step further, demanding an  immediate withdrawal  from NAFTA in its2016 platform. Yet Texas Republicans in Congress, the politicians whom Trumpwill need to ratify a trade agreement, are hesitant to end a 23-year-old tradedeal with a country that shares a 1,254-mile border with their state.  NAFTA ona net basis has benefited the country and benefited Texas hugely,  said U.S.Rep. Joe Barton of Ennis, the longest-serving Texas Republican in Congress.  Iknow the president-elect has some concerns about NAFTA. There s some industriesand areas of the country that have lost jobs. But I don t have an issue with thepresident trying to renegotiate and take a second look.  U.S. Rep. RogerWilliams of Weatherford said,  I m a free trade guy  but that components ofNAFTA were negative.  NAFTA allows a lot of trucks from Mexico ... . They candrive through without even being inspected,  Williams said.  That concerns me.But there s some good things, too. I think you look at it on a piece-by-piecebasis, see what you keep and what you can t keep.  Williams likened Trump sapproach on NAFTA to the Affordable Care Act, the health care law widely deridedby Republicans that Trump has vowed to change, but not fully repeal. FortWorth-area Reps. Kenny Marchant, Michael Burgess and Kay Granger declined tocomment on the future of trade deals under Trump s leadership. Texas A&Mprofessor Parr Rosson, an agricultural trade specialist who worked withbusinesses to implement NAFTA in the 1990s, said NAFTA helped thousands ofbusinesses indirectly.  Not only does trade result in jobs as far as the flow ofthe products, there are investments in infrastructure,  Rosson said, adding thatmanufacturers of freezer equipment benefit when free trade with Mexico allowsexporters to ship frozen goods over the southern border. The Texas Farm Bureau,the largest organization of farmers and ranchers in the state, supports NAFTAalong with the Trans-Pacific Partnership and is worried about its future underTrump.  We hope that we can find some common ground and move forward, whether its NAFTA that needs to be reworked or the TPP needs to be redone,  said TexasFarm Bureau President Russell Boening, whose family has been involved in Texasagriculture for 100 years.  We still have some support in Congress and I know wehave many in our congressional delegation that are in favor of doing somethingon trade.  The bureau says certain agricultural commodities, notably Texas beefcattle, are in high demand in international markets and that trade deals likethe TPP allow local businesses to expand their markets worldwide.  The beefindustry in Texas is huge,  Boening said.  The tariffs from Japan alone weregoing to be substantially reduced on our beef going to Japan for the next 10 to16 years.  espite the potential economic benefits of the TPP to Texasagriculture, business interests and politicians are aware that its passage isunlikely under Trump, who criticized the deal in a infomercial-style videoaddress earlier this week.  I am going to issue our notification of intent towithdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a potential disaster for ourcountry,  Trump said in the video.  Instead, we will negotiate fair, bilateraltrade deals that bring jobs and industry back onto American shores.  Barton saidhe would  assume  that Trump would  renegotiate  the pending Trans-PacificPartnership.  We have zero or very low import barriers to products and services,Barton said.  President-elect Trump rightfully doesn t like the way Obamanegotiated.  Williams wants to see the plan renegotiated on a piecemeal basis inlieu of a large multinational agreement.  Remember, I m a car dealer,  Williamssaid.  I sell cars one car at a time because every deal is different, and everytrade deal is different. What s good for Country A is not good for Country B. Ifthe president wants to negotiate it, that s fine, but we need to pass it inCongress.  Democratic Rep. Marc Veasey of Fort Worth said the pact was dead dueto Trump s election and that the president-elect  will probably need Democraticvotes  to renegotiate trade deals.  Democrats have been expressing concern abouta lot of these trade deals for quite some time,  Veasey said.  TPP ... it s justnot going to happen now. We can take that off the table. There s not the will topass it, even in a majority-Republican House.  wo Cabinet positions, secretaryof commerce and secretary of agriculture, might play big roles in shaping thefuture of trade deals under Trump, and Texans could occupy those roles in theWhite House. Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry is under consideration for bothpositions and Texas Agriculture Commissioner Sid Miller is being mulled forsecretary of agriculture, and both are supporters of free trade.  I want to openup foreign markets to ag commodities,  Miller said in an interview.  There s notone commodity turning a profit right now. NAFTA needs to be reworked. We don tneed to just throw it away, we need to take that document and improve on it.One issue where Miller differs from his potential boss is opening up trade withCuba, something that agricultural interests in Texas support.  We need to openup to Cuba,  Miller said.  It s 90 miles off our coast and they re buying up alltheir commodities from Europe. I have been very aggressive on trade and he s(Trump) known for making great deals.  Rosson said members of Congress fromTexas who once vocally supported free trade might stay quiet until it becameapparent which direction Trump was going to take, given that he won the WhiteHouse with votes from wide swaths of the electorate who did not support tradedeals.  In the near term, it would really help if the executive branch leads onthis,  Rosson said.  You hope things kind of go quiet and you don t have toworry about it for a little while. Who knows what might end up happening?