In Redwood City, a man slugged a gas station employee and told police he did itbecause he wanted to hit a Mexican.In Danville, a black student walked into a restroom at Monte Vista High Schooland found someone had scrawled the words "colored" and "whites" over separateurinals.In Orange County, a local Republican official faced bipartisan scorn after shewrote on Facebook that she did not "want any type of Muslims in our country."Then, over the Thanksgiving Day holiday, numerous California mosques receivedhandwritten letters that threatened the genocide of Muslims and praisedPresident-elect Donald Trump.Since election day, there have been reports in California and across the countryof hate crimes, ugly verbal confrontations and other incidents. The election wasone of the most divisive in modern history, punctuated with issues over illegalimmigration, Muslims and treatment of women.Despite numerous high-profile incidents, officials said they don't know whetherthere are actually more hate crimes since the election or whether they aresimply getting more attention.Law enforcement agencies are trying to get ahead of the problem. Some arelaunching task forces to quickly investigate hate allegations. San Francisco,for example, is sending undercover officers into neighborhoods to see if theybecome the victims of hate crimes. It's similar to a program the departmentlaunched to reduce sport-related violence by having undercover cops wearingrival team gear during playoffs.Other agencies are stepping up outreach efforts to encourage people to reporthate crimes and incidents of bigotry that are likely protected by the 1stAmendment, but that officials still vowed to investigate."In times of turmoil, in times of uncertainty, in times of strife, hate crimesincrease. The fear of other is very, very strong in humanity," Los AngelesPolice Chief Charlie Beck said. "This cannot stand. This cannot be something weallow as a people."Over the last week, law enforcement agencies throughout California have launcheda public awareness campaign hoping to deter the perpetrators of hate crimes andto remind victims that they should feel safe in reporting such incidents topolice.Authorities in Los Angeles and San Francisco are monitoring social mediacomments that might rise to the level of a criminal threat or serve as aprecursor of a hate crime.San Francisco Dist. Atty. George Gascon said he hopes the efforts will not onlydeter criminal activity but also make those who fear being targeted feel safer."There are several things that are very concerning. The fear level that has beenimpacting a lot of communities ... people are not going out into certainplaces," Gascon said. "You're seeing Muslim women afraid to wear theirtraditional garb."Experts say hate crimes are generally believed to be underreported, in partbecause the victims either speak poor English or fear that interaction with lawenforcement might spark questions about their immigration status.As a result, it's difficult to get a clear sense of hate crime trends. But onething is clear: Even before the presidential election cycle, hate crime reportswere rising both nationally and in California.Reported hate crimes throughout the U.S. rose 7% in 2015, according to the FBI.Incidents specifically targeting Muslims grew the most, with 257 reportedincidents last year compared with 154 the year before. In California, hate crimereports increased by 10.4% in 2015, according to the state attorney general'soffice.Officials are quick to point out that there is a difference between a hate crimeand cruel or hurtful comments, many of which are protected under the 1stAmendment. The law makes it illegal to physically harm someone based on his orher race, religion, national origin, gender or sexual orientation, among othercharacteristics.But Gascon and Beck also urged people to report incidents that might not beprosecutable but still might constitute racist or bigoted behavior. Police wantto track those as well, and hope that by collecting information on racistbehavior and speaking out against it, they can battle back what some call the"normalization" of hate."This is a new world for law enforcement," Beck said. "We have people thatmonitor social media particularly in and around the things that we think may berelated to hate crimes, and then we make value judgments based on the law."In September, the LAPD, the Rand Corp. and a group of British researchersannounced plans to monitor millions of tweets related to the L.A. area in aneffort to identify patterns and markers that may suggest thatprejudice-motivated violence is about to occur in real time. The researchersthen will compare the data against records of reported violent acts.The academics said the program could help determine whether police can predictwhen and where hate crimes are likely to occur and deploy law enforcementresources to prevent them.In New York, Gov. Andrew Cuomo last week announced the establishment of aspecial police unit to investigate hate crimes and established a hotline forpotential victims to call.The Southern Poverty Law Center last week reported 701 incidents of harassmentsince Trump's win, with most occurring in the first three days after theelection. Of those, 206 incidents were anti-immigrant and 51 were anti-Muslim.There also were 27 reported anti-Trump incidents, according to the center.Civil rights advocates say identifying perpetrators of hate crimes is difficult."In general the majority of hate crimes are not perpetrated by card-carryingmembers of racist organizations," said Joanna Mendelson, an investigativeresearcher with the Anti-Defamation League's Center on Extremism. "There are somany more incidents that are perpetrated by your juveniles, by your neighborhoodbigots. But they're not members of your National Socialist Movement or yourlocal KKK."Trump has disavowed support from prominent white supremacists, including formerKu Klux Klan Grand Wizard David Duke, though critics say his outspoken viewshave contributed to the tense political atmosphere. In an interview with "60Minutes" given days after the election, Trump also said he was "saddened" byreports of increased bias attacks."And I say, 'Stop it.' ... I will say right to the cameras: 'Stop it,' " Trumpsaid.Some experts on extremism hope Trump will do more."We would like to see a speech addressing this specifically, not just saying thewords 'Stop it,' " said Brian Levin, executive director of the Cal State SanBernardino Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism.Aside from a call for unity from Trump, other activists called for greateroutreach from local police. Hussam Ayloush, executive director of the Council onAmerican-Islamic Relations in Greater Los Angeles, said he would like to seepolice and prosecutors visiting local mosques and schools in an effort toassuage fears.Ayloush said many of the incidents reported to CAIR after the election involvedharassment, rather than violence. Muslims in Los Angeles, Riverside and Orangecounties have reported at least 15 incidents to CAIR, saying they were screamedat for wearing religious garb in public or received anti-Islamic slurs in recentweeks, according to Ayloush.One Muslim college professor walked into class and found a note on his desk thatread, "this is not your country, this is Trump's country," Ayloush said.Over the last few days, at least four mosques around California received copiesof a handwritten letter addressed to "the children of Satan" that called Muslimsa "vile and filthy people.""Your day of reckoning has arrived," the letter states, according to CAIR."There's a new sheriff in town -- President Donald Trump. He's going to cleanseAmerica and make it shine again. And, he's going to start with you Muslims.""There's a lot of concern today," Ayloush said. "When I visit people at mosques,people are worried, especially people who are visibly Muslim."Law enforcement officials and Muslim leaders will discuss the letters during anews conference Monday at the Islamic Center of Southern California.--james.queally@latimes.comveronica.rocha@latimes.com