President-elect Donald Trump's newly announced agreement to save more than 1,000jobs in Indiana gave him the kind of trophy he covets: a tangible victory thatmatches his campaign promise to serve as deal maker in chief.But the deal's long-term value will depend on what Trump gave up to keep thosefactory jobs from going to Mexico and whether he is able to craft a successfulfiscal policy that has a broader impact on the economy."This is an unquestionably positive development for the workers who otherwisewould have lost these good jobs," said Jared Bernstein, a senior fellow at theCenter for Budget and Policy Priorities and former economic advisor to VicePresident Joe Biden."But to try to pick off jobs firm by firm with tax breaks and regulatory goodies-- it won't work," he said. "That's just not sustainable."Throughout his campaign, Trump railed relentlessly against Carrier Corp.'sdecision to ship 1,400 manufacturing jobs to Mexico, using it as an example ofall that was wrong with the U.S. economy and all that he would set right ifelected. He threatened to impose 35% tariffs and renegotiate trade deals withMexico to stop Carrier and other companies from outsourcing jobs.Trump began speaking directly with Carrier's parent company, United TechnologyCorp., after he won, securing a brief announcement late Tuesday from Carrier andTrump that most of the jobs would no longer be shipped abroad.But details of what Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence may have given up,or the threats they may have lodged, remained elusive. Trump's team and Carrierdeferred the details until a formal announcement is made in Indianapolis onThursday.Steven Mnuchin, Trump's newly announced choice for Treasury secretary, calledthe deal a "terrific opportunity" for the incoming administration and said itcame about because Trump and Pence were willing to listen to businesses."The president-elect and the vice president[-elect] picked up the phone andcalled the CEO of the United Technologies and told them we want to keep jobshere," he told reporters at Trump Tower in New York on his way to meet withTrump on Wednesday.Yet the victory was largely symbolic. On an average day this year, the Americanworkforce added six times as many jobs.Not only are the jobs saved a trifle for a U.S. economy adding an average of181,000 jobs a month this year, but they are a tiny share of the 197,000employees of United Technologies.Carrier said Wednesday that "incentives offered by the state were an importantconsideration" in keeping its gas furnace production in Indianapolis, as was"the incoming administration's promises of a better business climate." Thecompany added that it still believes "in the benefits of free trade" and thatbusinesses need broader solutions to keep the country competitive.The show of strength might send a signal of resolve to other companiesconsidering offshoring, and it buys Trump time to craft a policy to match one ofhis top campaign promises.Trump also offered sketchy details Wednesday about his latest efforts to walloff his businesses from the appearance of conflict of interest that have doggedhim since he won the election and continued to meet with business partners."Legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of businessoperations. The presidency is a far more important task!" he tweeted.Trump promised to provide new details on his plans during a Dec. 15 newsconference, but offered few answers to how he would prevent a conflict, giventhat his children plan to retain full control. Trump and his aides did not saywhether he would relinquish ownership.The Carrier deal's merits will depend heavily on specifics as well. Trump'sstaff said Wednesday that Pence, who remains governor of Indiana until Jan. 9and has a history of offering economic incentives to private industry, washeavily involved in negotiations with Carrier, which makes heating and coolingequipment. Pence's office declined to answer questions.As the incoming president, Trump has significant leverage with UnitedTechnologies, a major defense contractor. In 2015, the company had $5.6 billionin sales to the federal government, 10% of its total sales, according to UnitedTechnologies' annual report.That federal business might have been a factor in Carrier's decision to keepjobs in the U.S., said John Eade, director of portfolio strategy at investmentresearch firm Argus Research."My guess is that the new administration offered some carrots -- potential forlower taxes, a potential change in trade policies, etc. -- as well as a stick:less certainty on U.S. government contracts, which are significant for severalof United Technologies' other businesses," he said."Plus, I am sure Carrier wants to move out of the national spotlight on thisissue," Eade said.Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, whose left-wing populism during the Democraticpresidential primary tapped some of the same issues as Trump's anti-globalistmessage, said over the weekend that Trump needed "to make it clear to the CEO ofUnited Technologies that if his firm wants to receive another defense contractfrom the taxpayers of this country, it must not move these plants to Mexico."The Carrier deal could prompt other companies to try the same tactic, predictedDan Ikenson, director of the Center for Trade Policy Studies at the libertarianCato Institute."It creates a short-term political victory for the president-elect, but it opensup a Pandora's box in the sense that other companies are going to want the samesort of handout," he said. "It's better to have an overall policy that companiescan bank on."Indiana state Sen. Tim Lanane, who leads the Democratic minority in the chamber,said Pence had yet to reveal details of the deal. But most of the breaks heoffered in the past, including tax incentives and credits, would not needlegislative approval.Lanane noted that Pence was unsuccessful in persuading Carrier to stay when itinitially announced plans to move, in February. Lanane said the state had aspotty record in ensuring that companies stick to their promises after receivingsubsidies."Does there come a point where you just can't do that every time?" Lanane said.Pence and his Economic Development Corp. have approved $24 million in tax breaksfor 10 companies that sent work abroad, failing in several cases to recovermoney from companies that laid off employees in the state, the Indianapolis Starreported during the campaign.Trump has said his broader plan to stop manufacturing jobs from leaving the U.S.is to lower the corporate tax rate and renegotiate trade deals to reduce theincentives to leave.Trump's staff also highlighted the president-elect's personal involvement,saying it was a sign of things to come as he works to keep jobs from fleeing.The style is unlikely to work on a larger scale, given the volume of companiesthat could opt to move manufacturing jobs. It may even provide an incentive forother companies to lodge similar threats in hopes of winning governmentgive-backs.But it could also prove a political asset that may help Trump move some of hiseconomic policies through a GOP-controlled Congress that remains skeptical ofhis anti-globalist trade policy.Bernstein said the Carrier deal also highlighted the different backgrounds andapproaches of Trump and President Obama, a former university professor who hasgathered business leaders and academics at the White House in the past toaddress such weighty economic issues.Trump is "much more comfortable calling up a CEO and admonishing him than he issitting around a table with a bunch of policy wonks talking about the best wayto change the incentive structure," Bernstein said. "But if you're going tosolve the economics of this, you've got to get at the incentive structure. Youcan't simply be handing out goodies to every single company that's planning torelocate."--noah.bierman@latimes.comTwitter: @noahbiermanjim.puzzanghera@latimes.comTwitter: @JimPuzzanghera