Nov. 27--When Dwayne Norris, a 20-year veteran educator, arrived at school onthe morning after the election, he felt defeated.Norris, 46, a fifth-grade teacher at Bandelier Elementary School in Albuquerque,had harbored hopes for a Hillary Clinton win the presidential race. Like manypeople, he was shocked by Republican Donald Trump's victory. Morale among hispeers at the school was at an all-time low before the election, Norris said, andhe thought there was no way it could get worse.He was wrong."Teachers were very disillusioned, almost to the state of despair," he said."The student mood was somber. There is a lot of anxiety. We just do not knowwhat this system will look like under Trump."Norris is not alone in feeling uncertain about how the nation's public educationsystem might change once President-elect Trump takes office Jan. 20 or how hiseducation policies will impact impoverished New Mexico. With the exception ofone speech two months ago in Ohio, in which he discussed a plan to initiate a$130 billion-per-year school voucher program funded with both state and federaldollars, Trump has said little about public education. His near silence on thematter unsettles policy experts, New Mexico's congressional delegates andteachers working in the trenches.What will happen to our schools? Dwayne Norris, a 20-year veteran educator atBandelier Elementary School in Albuquerque, is one of many educators in thestate who are concerned about the possible effects of Donald Trump's presidencyon New Mexico's public schools. 'There is a lot of anxiety,' he says. 'We justdo not know what this system will look like under Trump.' Luis SánchezSaturno/The New Mexican"Donald Trump gave very little attention to education on the campaign trail,"said U.S. Sen. Martin Heinrich, a New Mexico Democrat. "This is deeplytroubling, given how important education is to the future of New Mexico'schildren and our state's economy."Last week, Trump announced his nominee for education secretary -- school voucherand charter school activist Betsy DeVos, a Michigan philanthropist, politicianand businesswoman. The pick could be a sign that Trump is planning to pursue hisvoucher plan, an initiative he says would increase education choices forstudents by giving them public funds to help cover tuition costs at charterschools, which are publicly funded but privately operated, and private schools.About 100 charter schools are operating in New Mexico, some overseen by thestate and some chartered under public school districts.Trump has said he plans to reallocate $20 billion in federal funding to set upthe voucher program, though he hasn't said where the money would come from. Healso has said he wants states to collectively ante up $110 billion to supportthe program.The proposed initiative has raised concerns in New Mexico, which recentlydrained nearly all of its cash reserves filling budget shortfalls for the 2016and 2017 fiscal years and is still wrangling with a deficit, largely due to adecline in oil and gas revenues. State agencies have had their budgets cut andare facing even lower spending levels in the coming year.Officials from the state Public Education Department didn't comment on Trump'sproposed initiative. Spokesman Robert McEntyre responded to questions aboutTrump with an email saying the agency is "going to continue building on ourreforms that deliver results."But state Sen. John Arthur Smith, D-Deming, said it seems unlikely that thestate could pitch in much money to a school voucher program.Smith, chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, said New Mexico would probablyhave to raise taxes to cover its share of the initiative. "I guess this iscalled a Trump tax."Republican state Rep. Dennis Roch of Logan, chairman of the LegislativeEducation Study Committee and a school superintendent, agreed with Smith. "Thereare no extra dollars lying around to do new programs," he said.About a dozen states offer school voucher programs to help defray private schoolcosts for some students -- including Indiana, where Vice President-elect MikePence, as governor, dramatically expanded eligibility rules so more studentscould participate. Most of the state programs limit vouchers to low-incomefamilies or children with disabilities. The value of each voucher ranges from$20,000 per year for a special-needs student in Ohio to just 50 percent of theper-student state funding in Louisiana, according to the National Conference ofState Legislatures.Many of the state vouchers are worth between $4,o00 and $5,000 a year, an amountthat would cover a small fraction of the tuition at most private secular schoolsbut would stretch further at parochial schools, where costs tend to be lower.In comparison, Santa Fe Public Schools receives an average of $7,500 per studentfrom the state of New Mexico. Tuition costs at private schools in the city rangefrom about $9,600 per year at St. Michael's High School, a Catholic institution,to more than $22,000 a year at Santa Fe Preparatory School.In his Ohio speech in September, Trump said a voucher program "producescompetition that causes better outcomes for everyone."But a study released in July on Ohio's voucher program, called the EdChoiceScholarship Program, doesn't support his statement. Researchers analyzed thetest score data of some 20,000 students in the program over nearly a decade andfound that, on average, they fared worse than students who remained inlow-performing public schools. The study was commissioned by the Thomas B.Fordham Institute, which backs school vouchers.U.S. Rep. Ben Ray Luján, D-N.M., said Trump's voucher plan "would strip vitalfunding from our most at-risk students and schools" in New Mexico.U.S. Sen. Tom Udall, D-N.M., said such a program would "have graveconsequences."Educators also are worried about the impact."Vouchers for private schools ... takes money out of the classroom, it takesteachers out of the classroom, and that worries me," said Estrella Telles, amath intervention specialist at Lynn Middle School in Las Cruces. "If any morefunding is taken from the state's public education, it's just going to continueto get worse and worse in the classroom."U.S. Rep. Steve Pearce, a New Mexico Republican and a Trump supporter, didn'tvoice any concerns about a voucher program. Whether Trump plans to "promote agreater choice in educational institutions or the advancement of STEM" --science, technology, engineering and math programs -- "I am excited to work withthe Trump Administration to advance and strengthen the educational system in NewMexico," Pearce said in an email.While Trump has revealed few other details of his education policies, he hasrepeatedly emphasized some broad bullet points on how he will address publiceducation -- what he once called the most failed system in government.He supports teacher merit pay -- a sore spot with teachers unions.He wants to eliminate Common Core Standards, a rigorous set of academicstandards that more than 40 states, including New Mexico, have adopted. DeVosalso has spoken against Common Core.And on a broader scale, Trump has said he would like to dismantle the U.S.Department of Education."I think the general consensus of the informed people tracking this is that[Trump's education plan] is all chaos and confusion and lacking in direction,"said William Mathis, managing director of the National Education Policy Centerat the University of Colorado in Boulder. "When it comes down to any kind ofsolid policy proposal, it seems to be scattershot all over the place."What will happen to our schools? First-graders wait in the lunch line at theNina Otero Community School in August 2014. Like most public schools in theSanta Fe district, most of the kids at Nina Otero are enrolled in the federalfree and reduced-price lunch program for low-income families. Santa Fe PublicSchools Superintendent Veronica García and other educators are concerned thatfederal Title I funding, which supports the lunch program and other services forlow-income students, could take a hit when Donald Trump takes office aspresident. Luke E. Montavon/New Mexican file photoSome national education analysts have wondered if Trump's administration willdip into the $15 billion in federal Title I funding, money that helps supportschools with a high percentage of children from low-income families.Such a move would have a devastating impact on New Mexico, which receives about$125 million per year in Title 1 funds.Santa Fe Public Schools Superintendent Veronica García said any cut in Title 1funding will affect the district's 13,000 students. Over 70 percent of themqualify for the federal government's free and reduced-price lunch program, whichis covered by Title I dollars."A drop in federal funding of any kind would have a huge negative impact on ourstudents," García said.Trump's support for teacher merit pay -- an initiative that has already takenroot in many states, including New Mexico -- draws the ire of teachers unions.What will happen to our schools? Veronica García, Santa Fe Public Schoolssuperintendent, held a news conference earlier this month to announce thedistrict's plans to address the concerns and fears of immigrant studentsfollowing Donald Trump's presidential election victory. Luis Sánchez Saturno/NewMexican file photoBetty Patterson, director of the state branch of the National EducationAssociation, said she takes issue with merit pay because she believes allteachers deserve the income boost. "How do you pick out just one teacher to givemerit pay to in any situation?" she asked.Merit pay also causes conflicts in schools, she said. "If you know one teacherdown the hall who teaches just the same way you do, and she got $1,000 and yougot $300, it causes problems."Stephanie Ly, president of New Mexico's chapter of the American Federation ofTeachers, echoed that thought. She said such financial incentives, usually basedon teacher evaluations and heavily tied to student test scores, "bring downmorale between educators and students."Trump probably won't have much luck killing Common Core. Each state, not thefederal government, decides whether to adopt such academic standards."I'm not a big fan of Common Core -- mostly in terms of how it is implemented --but I don't think there is any leverage in ending that on the federal level,"said New Mexico Sen. William Soules, a Las Cruces Democrat and a retirededucator.Still, Soules said, Trump "could use his bully pulpit to encourage states to getrid of it."Trump has hinted that he would like to get rid of the federal Department ofEducation -- an idea floated by a number of presidents in the past, includingRonald Reagan. Former President Jimmy Carter, a Democrat, established thedepartment in 1979 over the objections of Republicans, who said the nation'sFounding Fathers never envisioned such an agency.But education policy experts say eliminating the department would be difficult."I don't see, after all the talk is done and he is in office, that departmentdisappearing," Mathis said. "Do I see rifts and reductions? Yes. That'scompletely within the realm of possibility."Roch, however, said he could see Trump trying to dismantle or downsize thefederal agency as a way to cut government waste."If you are looking across the federal agencies, and if your goal is to reducethe size of the federal government and therefore reduce deficit spending that inturn contributes to an increased national debt, the Department of Education isone that could be an option," Roch said.Trump will step into office as the federal government prepares to launch its newEvery Student Succeeds Act, a law that gives states more autonomy over publiceducation than its predecessor, No Child Left Behind. Because Trump has said hewants state governments and local districts to have more control over theireducation systems -- and the law was passed by Congress with bipartisan support-- few people think the new president will tinker with it.Udall predicted that Trump would meet "fierce opposition from Democrats andRepublicans alike" if he tried to meddle with the law.Some teachers fear repercussions in public education as a result of Trump'sstance on illegal immigration. The president-elect campaigned on a vow to builda wall along the border with Mexico and has threatened to increase deportationsof undocumented immigrants. He has since walked back the border wall plan, buthe already has spoken of ending the federal Deferred Action for ChildhoodArrivals program, which allows young immigrants temporary protection fromdeportation.This has set off a wave of fear and uncertainty among immigrant students in NewMexico. School leaders, including García, have launched efforts to reassure themthat they will be protected within the school system."I have a lot of students who are scared, fearful that their parents may bedeported," Telles said. "These kids bring their worries to school. We have tocare for them. ... They can't learn if they are worried about their safety ortheir parents' safety."But all the guessing and worrying is largely in vain until Trump takes officeand develops more specific education proposals. Even then, little may change,even in New Mexico.Norris, the Albuquerque teacher, can only shake his head and hope for the best."Maybe," he said, "Trump changes nothing."Contact Robert Nott at 505-986-3021 or rnott@sfnewmexican.com___ (c)2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe NewMexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by TribuneContent Agency, LLC.LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHACC-NO:20161127-SF-What-will-happen-to-N-M-s-schools-under-a-Trump-administration-1127-20161127PUBLICATION-TYPE: NewspaperJOURNAL-CODE: SF