In modern American politics, we've come to accept that the double standard isthe only standard. When politicians on the other side do it, we condemn itloudly. When our side practices a double standard, we find all kinds of ways todeny or justify it. Either way, let's call it what it is: hypocrisy.Democrats during the campaign were fond of accusing the news media ofestablishing a false equivalency whenever reporters delved into the financialunderside of the Clinton Foundation or put presidential candidate HillaryClinton under the microscope for diverting her official emails to a privateserver while working as secretary of state. To suggest that Clinton's actionsdidn't deserve a full public airing is hypocrisy.She was seeking the most important job in the land. To make informed decisions,voters needed to know as much as possible about her bad judgment calls andquestionable dealings with foreign dignitaries who also happened to be bigdonors to her family's foundation. That she was widely expected to win made itall the more important.Surprise. Clinton's loudest critic, of course, was Donald Trump, who is nowpresident-elect. During the campaign, the phrase "lock her up" was chanted atcountless rallies and encouraged among delegates during the Republican NationalConvention.Was it only Clinton whom those supporters wanted to hold to a singular form ofvigilante justice? Or did they propose to apply a legal standard to her thatthey expect of all elected officials?We'd like to believe it's the latter. The incoming president and his family havean ongoing, complex web of business enterprises spanning the globe. Thepotential conflicts of interest make the Clinton Foundation seem like aschoolyard game of tiddlywinks.Trump has yet to make public his tax returns, making it even harder to determinewhere his business and official responsibilities might intersect. Any harshClinton critic who argues that the overlap between Trump's business dealings andhis presidency doesn't matter is engaging in hypocrisy.Trump now is receiving the same, daily top secret intelligence briefings thatPresident Barack Obama receives. He knows exactly where the most urgent globalthreats are. The briefings might also offer hints of where potential businessopportunities are.Yet Trump has not placed his business interests in a blind trust. In fact, amida flurry of interviews for Cabinet positions last week, the president-elect metwith a group of investors in a Trump property in India. It's not clear whetherany of the investors have links to Indian Prime Minister Narenda Modi, but Trumpwas later quoted in an Indian business publication as expressing praise for theprime minister. Why would the president-elect do that?Trump also has a major golf resort on the coast of Scotland with unobstructedviews of the North Sea. The British government wants to install an offshore windfarm nearby, something Trump has long opposed. The president-elect met daysafter the election with Nigel Farage, head of the U.K. Independence Party, andraised the issue specifically to lobby Farage to oppose the wind farm. He thentweeted that Farage would make a fine British ambassador to the U.S.Was the lobbying effort being done by President-elect Trump? Or by businessmanTrump? Or both?The reason it matters is that President-elect Trump is now the beneficiary oftaxpayer dollars in terms of the intelligence briefings, Secret Service detailsand transition services he enjoys. Just as it would have been unacceptable forHillary Clinton to mix her personal foundation activities with her officialduties as secretary of state, Trump must adhere to a higher standard. It shouldat least be the same standard that he used to rally his supporters against"corrupt Hillary."Trump now says he will not press to have Clinton prosecuted, as he oncethreatened. In the presidency, his own business conduct would fall into a legalgray area. Congress would be crossing the dividing line with the executivebranch by attempting to legislate what the president can or cannot do in office.At the same time, the Constitution's Emoluments Clause establishes clear limitson the use of any public office for personal profit courtesy of foreigngovernments.The president-elect plans to hand over day-to-day management of his TrumpOrganization companies to his children. He has looked into appointing hisson-in-law, Jared Kushner, as a senior adviser with a security clearance. Thatwould give Kushner access to secret information that also could be used toadvance Trump's business interests, which Kushner's wife and Trump's daughter,Ivanka Trump, would help oversee.To get a glimpse of the enormous ethical swamp that's developing, consider whathappened after Ivanka appeared with her father on CBS' "60 Minutes" program onNov. 13. Her company quickly alerted sales associates to a marketing opportunitytargeting customers interested in owning a replica of the $10,800 braceletIvanka wore in the interview.The company later retracted the alert, blaming it on an overzealous staffer. Butthe incident was just a hint of the sleaze factor that could lie ahead and themind-boggling ethical boundaries now being put to the test. No president canmake his own rules.The obvious answer is for Trump to establish a blind trust and to vow publiclynever to breach the boundary as long as he is president. The only business thatshould ever be conducted by the American president is the public's business.LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHGRAPHIC:  Jared Kushner and his wife Ivanka Trump walk through the lobby ofTrump Tower in New York, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper