HIGHLIGHT: At a conference, CNN's president, Jeffrey A. Zucker, was heckledabout going easy on Mr. Trump. Mr. Zucker maintained that the news station wasfair.CAMBRIDGE, Mass. - Jeffrey A. Zucker, CNN's president, is accustomed tocomplaints about his network going easy on Donald J. Trump: providing extensivecoverage of his rallies, letting him phone in for interviews and hiring hisformer campaign manager as an analyst.Rarely, however, does Mr. Zucker - or any television news executive, for thatmatter - face the kind of A-list revolt that brewed here Wednesday evening.In extraordinary exchanges, aides to Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz and Jeb Bush openlyaccused Mr. Zucker of enabling Mr. Trump and undermining their candidates in theRepublican primary, heckling from their seats as Mr. Zucker spoke on a panel ina hotel ballroom."You showed hours upon hours of unfiltered, unscrutinized coverage of Trump!"shouted Todd Harris, a top adviser for Mr. Rubio. A Washington Post reporter,Karen Tumulty, prompted applause when she pressed Mr. Zucker on why he allowedTrump surrogates to spread falsehoods on his network.It was a visceral airing of grievances before an audience of the country'sleading political operatives and journalists, gathered for what is typically astaid postelection conference at Harvard. And it captured CNN's lightning-rodposition in the debate over the role of the media in Mr. Trump's rise and, now,his looming presidency.Since Election Day, Mr. Trump has singled out CNN for criticism, posting onTwitter that the network had "total (100%) support of Hillary Clinton" andchastising Mr. Zucker during a private meeting with television executives atTrump Tower. Yet media commentators have accused CNN of giving preferentialtreatment to Mr. Trump to lift ratings. The network is on track this year tocollect $1 billion in profit."CNN helped make him by carrying every speech he made in the primary season,"Larry King, the former CNN anchor and a friend of Mr. Trump, said in aninterview. "It was almost like the other guys didn't exist."Mr. Zucker, for his part, was steadfast on Wednesday that his network coveredMr. Trump and the election fairly, telling attendees that the Manhattanbusinessman routinely made news "and we are in the business of covering news."He pointed to tough questioning of Mr. Trump by Anderson Cooper and Jake Tapper,and said that the bipartisan contentiousness over CNN's coverage gave himcomfort, not anxiety."Half the people want to blame us for Trump, and half the people want to saythat we're terrible to Trump," Mr. Zucker said. "That's how I always think we'redoing the right thing."For all the complaints from vanquished rivals, Mr. Trump has been no fan of CNNin recent weeks, especially after the network - along with other newsorganizations - discredited the president-elect's false claim that millions ofillegal ballots cost him the popular vote.Mr. Trump thinks that CNN's coverage of him turned negative at the start of thegeneral election, according to a person with direct knowledge of his thinking.He also thinks that he helped advance the career of Mr. Zucker, whom he hasknown for years since they worked together at NBC on "The Apprentice."In 2012, Mr. Trump recommended Mr. Zucker as the next president of CNN during adinner at the Plaza Hotel with Phil Kent, then the chief executive of Turner,CNN's parent company, according to three people with knowledge of the hiringprocess, who were granted anonymity to share private conversations.Mr. Trump believes he was instrumental in getting Mr. Zucker that job, thepeople said, although Mr. Kent had already been discussing the position with Mr.Zucker and his conversation with Mr. Trump lasted only a few minutes.Clad on Wednesday in a silky pinstripe suit, Mr. Zucker seemed aware that hemight be in for an onslaught. The first question - had Mr. Trump been good forCNN? - set off snickers in the audience, and Mr. Zucker's co-panelist, KathleenCarroll of The Associated Press, smiled. "Ba dum bum," she said.Mr. Zucker conceded, as he has in the past, that he broadcast too many uneditedTrump rallies in the early months of the campaign. But he rejected claims ofbias, saying that rival candidates received ample invitations to appear andrarely accepted."People should think about the decisions they made not to come on the cable newsnetworks," Mr. Zucker said, even as some campaign aides in the audience arguedthat Mr. Trump was featured as a ratings draw, and treated less aggressively.When Sasha Issenberg, the moderator, suggested that the panel move from CNN "toa less contentious subject, fake news," Jeff Roe, Mr. Cruz's campaign manager,piped up."You just covered that!" he said.In books, Mr. Trump has referred to Mr. Zucker as "a total dynamo," "the best inthe business" and "brilliant." Those compliments have faded. In September, Mr.Trump posted on Twitter that Mr. Zucker "failed @NBC and he is now failing@CNN.""My relationship with him didn't seem to help that much," Mr. Zucker, who hasspoken privately with Mr. Trump since the election, said on Wednesday. Aspokeswoman for Mr. Trump did not respond to a request for comment.Whether Mr. Trump likes it or not, CNN, like other cable news networks, standsto gain financially from a Trump administration. John Martin, chief executive ofCNN's parent company, Turner, said at a Code Media conference on Wednesday thatCNN "is completing its Hall of Fame year," and he expects the network's ratingsto stay high."With the Trump administration," Mr. Martin said, "there will be a generalfascination that wouldn't be the same as under a Clinton administration."How that plays out journalistically is another question. On Wednesday, Mr.Zucker defended his hiring of Corey Lewandowski, Mr. Trump's ex-campaignmanager, who was constrained as an analyst by a nondisclosure agreement with theTrump campaign. "It was important to have people who could give us a peek intowhat people supporting Trump were thinking," Mr. Zucker said.Given that few predicted Mr. Trump's victory, Mr. Zucker said, "that insightturns out to have been exactly the right thing to have had, and I'm proud thatwe did it."That prompted Ms. Tumulty of The Post to ask Mr. Zucker why he allowed on somany "nut job surrogates" to appear, noting that some Trump supporters toldlies, which CNN anchors had to correct. "At what point do you say you cannotcome on our air anymore because you have told too many lies?" Ms. Tumulty asked.Mr. Zucker said it was up to viewers to decide whether a supporter offered acompelling case for their candidate. And he circled back to the notion thattelevising Mr. Trump's words was one thing; voters choosing to support him wasanother."At the end of the day," he said, "it is up to the viewer to say whether thataugurs well for their candidate or not."PHOTO: Jeffrey A. Zucker, left, arriving at Trump Tower in Manhattan for ameeting with President-elect Donald J. Trump on Nov. 21. (PHOTOGRAPH BY BRENDANMCDERMID/REUTERS)Related Articles     ·    Trump and Clinton Aides Clash During Election Forum