HIGHLIGHT: This country's deep racial problems stem from discrimination, notfrom oversensitivity about discrimination.This article is part of the Opinion Today newsletter. You can sign up here toreceive more briefings and a guide to the section daily in your inbox.Mark Lilla's much-discussed piece in yesterday's Times tapped into a debateabout "identity politics." Lilla argued that Democrats had lost the election byfocusing on ethnicity, gender and sexuality rather than "appealing to Americansas Americans and emphasizing the issues that affect a vast majority of them."His view fits with the post-election conventional wisdom: that Democrats must dobetter appealing to the white working class to regain power. I largely agree,but I also think that Democrats need to be careful about alienating theircurrent constituencies - particularly since many of those constituencies aregrowing.So I spent some time yesterday looking for critiques of Lilla, to think throughtheir arguments.The core criticism was that Lilla was wrong to suggest the political leftdeserves blame for initiating the focus on racial (and other) groups. "The labelof 'identity politics' is mostly ridiculous whenever used, because Americanpolitics historically was based on white male identity," Vann R. Newkirk IIofThe Atlantic wrote on Twitter. "Trump's entire candidacy & now presidency wasbased on one of the most effective campaigns of identity politics in history."Likewise, Ira Madison III, at MTV.com, wrote: "Trump is confirming racists andwhite nationalists for his cabinet, but it's the liberals focusing on identitypolitics that are getting us into trouble?" You'll find similar points in thecomments section of Lilla's article, including one from Sara, one of the firstcomments under "Readers' Picks."All of these arguments make a vital historical point: This country's deep racialproblems stem from discrimination, not from oversensitivity aboutdiscrimination. And it would be a terrible mistake for anyone to shy away fromcriticizing Donald Trump's alarming choices for attorney general and chief WhiteHouse strategist.At the same time, there's a reality that Democrats would be foolish tounderestimate. This country's political system - the rules for electing bothCongress and the president - is biased toward large, sparsely populated areas.Those areas tend to be overwhelmingly white.Unless Democrats can win more support from white voters than they did this year,the party will be left to complain about the country's political situationrather than do something about it.You can join me on Twitter (@DLeonhardt) and Facebook. I am also writing a dailyemail newsletter and invite you to subscribe.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion).