By Lisa Riley RocheDeseret NewsSALT LAKE CITY - Josh Romney, son of former presidential candidate Mitt Romney,said Friday he will "strongly support" Sen. Orrin Hatch if the Utah Republicanruns for re-election in 2018."Sen. Hatch has done a tremendous job representing the state of Utah. If hedecides to run again, I would strongly support him and do anything I could to behelpful to his re-election efforts," Josh Romney said in a statement.Romney, a Salt Lake-based real estate developer, has been seen as a possiblecandidate for the Senate in 2018, but he said again Friday he's more interestedin the governor's race in four years."I have been consistently asked by others to consider running for politicaloffice, and running for governor in 2020 is definitely something I am stronglyconsidering," Romney said.Hatch has not yet said whether he will seek an eighth term. He is the mostsenior Republican in the Senate and serves as Senate president pro tempore,third in the line of presidential succession.On Tuesday, former Gov. Jon Huntsman Jr. confirmed he is considering running forthe Senate in 2018. Huntsman, a former U.S. ambassador to China who ran forpresident in 2012, did not rule out taking on Hatch in a GOP primary.Last January, Romney made a similar statement to the Deseret News about hisinterest in the governor's race after Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, told thenewspaper he "would take a serious, serious look" at running for governor.Gov. Gary Herbert, who took office in 2009 when Huntsman resigned to become anambassador, was re-elected this year to his second full term. He is not expectedto run again.Other potential gubernatorial candidates include Lt. Gov. Spencer Cox, HouseSpeaker Greg Hughes, R-Draper, and former Congressman Jim Matheson, a Democrat.Romney said his decision about making his first run for public office won't beaffected by what others do. Instead, it will be "based on what the right thingto do is and the positive ideas and solutions I could offer for the future ofUtah," he said.In September, Romney told members of the BYU Management Society it was tough forhim and his father to witness what he warned may be "permanent damage" to theRepublican Party from Donald Trump's candidacy.Mitt Romney, who was one of the president-elect's harshest critics during thecampaign, is now being considered for secretary of state in the newadministration. Josh Romney has not commented on his father's potential role.Email: lisa@deseretnews.comTwitter: DNewsPoliticsFollow the leaderStay in the loop on Jazz hoops with Utah Jazz beat writer Jody Genessy onTwitter @DJJazzyJodyLOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHPUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper