HIGHLIGHT: Here's what you need to know to start your day.Good morning.Here's what you need to know:A recount effort in the United States presidential election that began inWisconsin may extend this week to two more states narrowly lost by HillaryClinton.President-elect Donald J. Trump dismissed the effort as a "scam" and unleashed adaylong storm of Twitter posts, including asserting without evidence that hisshortfall in the popular vote was because of "millions of people" votingillegally.The Twitter outburst also came as Mr. Trump is laboring to fill crucialpositions in his cabinet. An adviser assailed Mitt Romney, one the topcandidates for secretary of state, as having gone "out of his way to hurt" thepresident-elect in the primaries._____Mr. Trump's business dealings around the globe are raising widespread concernsover conflicts of interest. One example is a postelection telephone call withPresident Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey, in which the president-elect praisedhis business associate in the Trump Towers in Istanbul, above.In Scotland, Mr. Trump built a wall on the border of his golf course, blockingthe sea view of local residents, and then sent them the bill._____François Fillon, a conservative government veteran who called for economicsacrifice, major changes in the workplace and a crackdown on immigration andIslam, won a runoff to represent France's center-right Republican Party inApril's presidential contest.The outcome paved the way for a likely face-off with the country's far-rightparty._____The Cuban government is rolling out plans for a nine-day period of "DueloNacional," or national pain, after the death of Fidel Castro, 90.The country, which defied the United States for nearly half a century beforehostilities eased, remains firmly in the grip of his brother, Raúl Castro.The capital, Havana, has been quiet, but Cuban exiles celebrated in Miami. Mr.Castro's ashes will be interred on Sunday._____In Tbilisi, Georgia, a two-room apartment shared by a computer science studentand his younger brother is an unlikely offshore outpost of America's fake newsindustry."I did not write to make Trump win," the student said. "I just wanted to getviewers and make some money."_____BusinessSwiss voters rejected a proposal to phase out nuclear power by 2029.American retailers have geared up for Cyber Monday, the last day of deals inwhat has become an annual shopping weekend. Sales rose 18 percent over lastyear, to $5.3 billion. Visits to brick-and-mortar stores dipped.The European Court of Justice will hear arguments on Tuesday that will mostlikely determine how Uber can operate across the European Union.Our business columnist tracked the fortune of J. K. Rowling, the "Harry Potter"author. He estimates Ms. Rowling's net worth at $1.2 billion, noting that shepays taxes and gives generously to charity.A start-up thinks it may have found the secret to growing truffles.Here's a snapshot of global markets.In the NewsIn Montenegro, a detained mercenary is slowly spilling his guts on a purportedplot orchestrated by two Russians to kill the prime minister and install a newgovernment hostile to NATO. [The New York Times]Viktor F. Yanukovych, the former president of Ukraine, said that he regrettednot ordering troops to disperse the mass protests that forced him into exile inRussia. [The New York Times]The U.K. Independence Party is expected to announce its new leader today. [TheFinancial Times]The Vatican is seeking a grand compromise with China's Communist leaders to heala decades-old rift that has divided generations of Chinese Catholics. [The NewYork Times]A Moroccan state broadcaster instructed women on ways to hide signs of domesticviolence with makeup. [The Guardian]U.S. officials say they will close a protest camp that has drawn thousands ofNative Americans opposed to an oil pipeline in North Dakota. [The New YorkTimes]"I see the anger I was raised with rocking the nation." A young American whorenounced white nationalism considers the wave of white rage that aligned behindDonald J. Trump as he ascended to the White House. [The New York Times]NoteworthyA weekslong chess battle between Sergey Karjakin of Russia and the defendingworld champion, Magnus Carlsen of Norway, could end today.Simmering Cold War tensions have given the match weightier geopoliticalovertones. A Russian spokesman said that President Vladimir V. Putin receivesconstant updates.Anger rooms let customers smash objects to release their rage. Sessions aremeant to be therapeutic, but mental health professionals question the efficacyof rampaging in a faux cubicle.Nico Rosberg, driving for Mercedes, became the second son of a Formula One worldchampion to win the title himself."Hero of the Empire," an account of Winston Churchill's time in South Africa,and "Iza's Ballad," a meditative Hungarian novel, are among our 100 NotableBooks of 2016. Here's the full list.And just look at these trees in Lapland, Finland's northernmost region. They areso coated in frosty rime that they could be mistaken for towers of shaving foam.Back StoryThat banana you might be having for breakfast is probably a Cavendish, the mostwidely available variety of one of the world's most popular fruits.But a deadly fungus is on the march, and the Cavendish's lack of geneticdiversity is raising fears of a possible "bananapocalypse."The killer, a strain of Panama disease called Tropical Race 4, has spread toChina, Indonesia, Malaysia, Taiwan and the Northern Territory of Australia, andhas recently been found in Africa and the Middle East.With its yellow peel and seedless fruit, the Cavendish makes up 95 percent ofbananas sold worldwide, according to the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization.The previous dominant variety, the Gros Michel, was devastated by another formof the fungus in the 1950s. Growers turned to the Cavendish, whose strength liesmore in disease resistance than flavor. (One expert said it "had been consideredsomething close to junk.")The Cavendish is thought to have arrived in England in the 1800s from Mauritius,taking its name from the family in whose greenhouse it was cultivated.Missionaries eventually carried it to the Pacific islands.One scientist sees a silver lining in newly urgent efforts to save the seedsfrom wild bananas. "Race 4 is a threat," he says, "but it's also an opportunityto start growing more diversity."Remy Tumin contributed reporting._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings.What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes.com.