HIGHLIGHT: The president-elect's campaign crusade against Sgt. Bowe Bergdahlmakes it unlikely that the former Taliban hostage can get a fair trial.The case of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, an American soldier who, after leaving his post,was held hostage by the Taliban for five years, became a recurring theme ofDonald Trump's unruly campaign speeches.In August 2015, Mr. Trump fired up a New Hampshire crowd by calling SergeantBergdahl "a dirty rotten traitor." He proceeded to falsely claim that "six youngbeautiful people were killed trying to find him." Then he dismissed argumentsthat the former hostage's "psychological problems" may have led him to walk offa base in Afghanistan in 2009. "In the old days," Mr. Trump said, pantomiming anexecution by pretending to fire a rifle twice. "Bing bong."Those remarks are certain to loom large over Sergeant Bergdahl's court-martial,which is scheduled to start in April. Sergeant Bergdahl is charged withdesertion and misbehavior in front of the enemy; a guilty verdict could resultin a sentence anywhere from no jail time to life. But how can he get a fairtrial in the military justice system when the next commander in chief hasproclaimed his guilt and accused him of treason?The short answer is he can't. Eugene Fidell, Mr. Bergdahl's lawyer, says heintends to submit a motion the day Mr. Trump takes office, cataloging theroughly 40 times Mr. Trump made disparaging remarks about his client, andseeking to have the case dismissed."There is no precedent for a candidate running for high office to go after asingle individual like this," Mr. Fidell said in an interview. "Because he is atthe pinnacle of the chain of command, what he says not only has direct andindirect legal consequences but symbolic potency."Mr. Trump recognized early on that the Bergdahl case had become a flash pointfor many voters who had contempt for the Obama administration. In one of themost thorny national security decisions of his administration, President Obamareleased five Afghan detainees held at Guantánamo Bay in exchange for SergeantBergdahl. The negotiations and the swap stunned members of Congress, who arerequired by law to be notified before any detainee is released from Guantánamo.While Sergeant Bergdahl initially came home to a hero's welcome, the terms andsecrecy of the exchange, which angered Republicans and some members of themilitary, soon turned the soldier into a political pawn.There is an alternative to a potentially drawn out legal fight over Mr. Trump'sincendiary remarks in the Bergdahl case. Mr. Obama could issue a pardon beforehe leaves office. That would put to rest a prosecution that was questionablefrom the outset because Sergeant Bergdahl had pre-existing mental healthproblems when the Army granted him a waiver to enlist. He emerged from captivitydeeply traumatized after five years of being subjected to physical andpsychological torture. It is time to let him rebuild his life.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTopinion),and sign up for theOpinion Today newsletter.