By Lisa Riley RocheDeseret NewsSALT LAKE CITY- Salt Lake County Councilman Richard Snelgrove's inbox isoverflowing with thousands of emails from around the country, urging him not tovote for President-elect Donald Trump as one of the state's six presidentialelectors.A typical email, he said, is from a California mom who writes she's "never beenso disturbed and frightened by the outcome of a presidential election" and wantshim to "honor the majority" of Americans who voted for Democrat Hillary Clinton.Some emails suggest he should write in the name of a fellow Republican, such asformer presidential nominee Mitt Romney, when electors meet in every state onDec. 19, Snelgrove said, noting that fewer than a dozen emails came from Utahns.While Snelgrove said he's reading all those emails, nothing will change hisvote. Just as he did the first time he served as an elector, in 2008, when Utahvoted for Arizona Sen. John McCain, the councilman said he will fulfill hisduties.Under Utah law, Trump must receive all the state's Electoral College votes asthe winner of the Nov. 8 presidential election here. Electors who fail to complyare replaced but do not face any penalties."Even if we were not bound as electors, who am I to overturn the will of thepeople?" Snelgrove said. "Trump carried Utah. He won it fair and square. No oneelected me king to go in there and defy the will of the people."First-time Utah elector Kris Kimball questioned whether she'd be hearing from somany people if it were Trump who had won the most votes nationally but lost theelectoral vote to Clinton, not the other way around.Kimball shared a sample of her email, a note from a California woman telling herto "be the hero we so desperately need" by voting for the person who won thepopular vote. "You have the power to correct a most terrible wrong."Clinton leads the popular vote by 2.5 million votes and counting, but Trump tookthe popular vote in 30 states with a total of 306 electoral votes - 36 more thanthe 270 needed to become president."I don't see anybody who would even think to switch their vote because you'reelected to represent your party," Kimball said of her fellow electors, allotedaccording to the number of U.S. Senate and House members that represent thestate in Washington, D.C.A former Davis County GOP chairwoman, Kimball said she was a littleuncomfortable with the attention from so many people outside the state wantingher to be a so-called "faithless" elector."I'm an elector to serve the people of Utah, which I'm totally fine with. Butall of a sudden there's all this national exposure," she said. "They're puttingyou on a guilt trip; that's what they're doing. They don't understand there's nochoice in Utah."Another Utah elector, Cherilyn Eagar, said she is trying to respond respectfullyto what she termed misinformation from people contacting her about her role inthe election."You just don't go out there and put some name on your ballot," Eagar said,decrying the protests in the aftermath of Trump's victory. "We don't lendourselves to the emotional takeover of mob rule."Even Utah elector Peter Greathouse, identified by Politico as one of a handfulof "Trump skeptics" with Electoral College votes nationwide, said it's pointlessto consider voting for anyone else because "it's not going to change anything."Greathouse said he hopes this election will result in a re-examination ofprohibitions that prevent electors from straying from the popular vote resultsin their states. There is no such federal or constitutional requirement."I would like the electors to have a little more freedom in their choices. Ialso understand why the law is the way it is. But I would like to see thebinding part looked at again," he said. "Maybe we still need to do it. Maybe wedon't."The emails the Utah electors selected in April at the state Republican Partyconvention are receiving appear to be part of a national effort to shake up theElectoral College.It's the little-understood institution that actually elects the president,through slates of electors named in each state by each candidate's politicalparty and sometimes bound by either pledges to those parties or by state law.On Dec. 19, the day designated by Congress for the Electoral College vote,Utah's electors will gather in Room 445 in the Capitol at noon for what isexpected to be a brief ceremony."All that has to happen is we get the six signatures and we're done," stateElections Director Mark Thomas said. "I think it will be a fairly quiet day forthose electors. They'll just do what needs to get done."Still, Thomas said officials plan to be "prepared for anything," including thepossibility electors balk at voting for Trump. Should that happen, their seatswould be considered vacant and immediately filled from a list of alternates, hesaid."I know there's the idea that perhaps maybe there might be the opportunity foran elector to go rogue. Perhaps that's a possibility in other states. I justdon't see it happening here," Thomas said.University of Utah political science professor Matthew Burbank agreed."We usually don't have that conversation," Burbank said, noting that given theway the process works in Utah, "there's no real reason for anybody to doanything else here."He said the Electoral College vote amounts to a civics lesson."It's a good reminder to us about how the system actually works. We tend tothink: 'I voted. I helped determine who won the presidency,' " Burbank said,when in fact the popular vote overall doesn't count.During his campaign, Trump acknowledged he had a "tremendous problem" with Utahvoters, who were uncomfortable with not only his bombastic style but also hispositions on a number of issues, including a proposed ban on Muslims enteringthe country.When a 2005 video surfaced in October of a graphic conversation between Trumpand a TV host about making sexual advances on women, some Utahns - includingGov. Gary Herbert - backed away from supporting the GOP candidate.An independent conservative candidate, Evan McMullin, was on the ballot in ahandful of states but focused on Utah, trying to take advantage of thediscomfort some voters in the reliably Republican state felt toward Trump.In the end, Utah, a state that has not voted for a Democrat for president since1964, once again stayed red. Trump won with 45.5 percent of the vote, followedby Clinton with 27.5 percent and McMullin with 21.5 percent.One of those Trump voters was Stan Lockhart, a leader of the "Stop Trump/StopClinton" effort in Utah. Lockhart, who ran for elector and would be tapped as analternate if necessary, said he saw Trump as better than Clinton.Lockhart said he's also receiving mail from out of state telling him to rejectTrump, but should he be called upon to vote as an elector, he would go with thewinner in Utah, just as he did when he served as a Republican elector in 2008and 2012."I personally feel an obligation to how the state voted," the former stateRepublican Party chairman said. "I'm not a freelancer. I'm there to representthe will of the people."The state GOP headquarters is getting lots of calls about the Electoral Collegevote, Utah GOP Chairman James Evans said, "talking about how you can vote yourconscience, all that kind of stuff. Well, our law is clear."Utah Democratic Party Chairman Peter Corroon said despite the outcome of thisyear's election, he doesn't want to do away with the Electoral College in favorof the popular vote."I just think it would provide too much power to the large states. We'd get lessattention," said Corroon, who would have been an elector under his party's ruleshad Clinton won Utah. "I'm thinking long term."Email: lisa@deseretnews.comTwitter: DNewsPoliticsLOAD-DATE: December 4, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHPUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper