HIGHLIGHT: The Mexican government has no reason to cooperate with a hostileadministration in Washington.This year, for the first time since Ronald Reagan assailed the Soviet Union in1980, an American presidential candidate actively campaigned against anothercountry's national interests. By threatening to deport all undocumentedimmigrants, about half of whom are Mexican; to build a wall on the Mexicanborder; and to rip up the North American Free Trade Agreement, which is far moreimportant for Mexico than for the United States, Donald J. Trump made Mexico oneof the central issues of the campaign.How should Mexicans respond now that Mr. Trump has been elected?President Enrique Peña Nieto has opted for a nonconfrontational approach. Sincehis embarrassing invitation to and welcome of Mr. Trump in August, he hasrepeatedly tried to accommodate Mr. Trump's demands. He has accepted reopeningdiscussion of Nafta and he has limited debate about "the wall" to who will payfor it - not whether it should be built. Mr. Peña Nieto has said he will helpthe Mexicans whom Mr. Trump says his administration will deport, but he has nottaken a firm stand against the deportations themselves.Mexico doesn't have to appease Mr. Trump like this. It can fight back. It willnot win every battle, but it may achieve more through obstruction, and makinglife miserable for the new president by increasing the cost of his anti-Mexicanpolicies, than it will achieve by appeasement.On Nafta, Mexico should simply tell Washington that it refuses to renegotiatethe treaty. There may be reasons to create side agreements to supplement thetreaty and to address issues like currency devaluation or wages. But the idea ofrenegotiating Nafta, as Mr. Trump says he intends to do, should be completelyunacceptable to the government of Mexico.If the Trump administration, in return, threatens to leave Nafta, so be it. Mr.Trump would be responsible for breaking up a deal that was maintained by threeAmerican presidents, five Mexican ones and six Canadian prime ministers over thepast 22 years. And, despite some flaws, it has worked reasonably well.The blame for withdrawing from the treaty would be his, and many Americancommercial interests and political forces, including numerous Republicans, wouldcome to resent Mr. Trump for it. The damage to Mexico's economy wouldundoubtedly be great. But a prolonged renegotiation of Nafta could potentiallydo even more damage, with years of uncertainty discouraging investment in thecountry.Regarding deportations, Mexico can legally maintain that it will welcome backonly those people who the United States can prove are indeed Mexican. This wouldhave to take place while they were still in the United States.Since many unauthorized Mexican immigrants have no documents, this would shiftthe political and economic cost of deportation from Mexico to its northernneighbor. There would be backlogs, litigation and crowded detention centers. Thenews media would broadcast scenes of children separated from their parents whoare stuck in legal limbo.This could amount to a humanitarian catastrophe, something no one wants to see.But the comparison cannot be with the status quo; rather, it should be with themillions of deportations promised by Mr. Trump. His supporters might not care,but many other Americans would. The outcry could conceivably force him toabandon detestable attempts at mass deportation.And what about the wall that was so central to Mr. Trump's campaign? It isabsurd for Mexico to say it doesn't care as long as it doesn't pay for it. TheMexican government should fully oppose its construction. Building a border wallis a hostile act. It would send a terrible message to the world. The cost anddanger of crossing without papers would rise, making smuggling even morelucrative for organized crime syndicates.Once Mexico announces that it opposes the wall, the government should resort toevery legal, environmental, political, social, cultural and regional tool tohalt construction. It should mobilize binational communities in Arizona,California, New Mexico and Texas against the construction of the wall, until theprice of pursuing this nonsensical idea becomes too high for Mr. Trump. Thesebinational cities, like Ciudad Juárez-El Paso, should hold demonstrations andfile lawsuits to try to ensure that a hostile American-built wall does notdivide them.Finally, Mexico should take advantage of California's decision to legalizerecreational marijuana. Regardless of Mr. Trump's victory, the approval of theproposition in the United States' most populous state makes Mexico's war ondrugs ridiculous. What is the purpose of sending Mexican soldiers to burnfields, search trucks and look for narco-tunnels if, once our marijuana makes itinto California, it can be sold at the local 7-Eleven?But with Mr. Trump's aggression against Mexico, there is an additional reasonfor the country to adopt a pragmatic "wink and nod" attitude on marijuanaexports to the United States: The Mexican government has no reason to cooperatewith a hostile administration in Washington. Our authorities should insteadsimply look the other way when it comes to marijuana.None of these positions will be risk-free for Mexico. There could be Americanreprisals, a backlash in some regions, and humanitarian crises. A weak andunpopular Mexican government might not resist the Trump administration'spressure. But if business as usual is not an option, these suggestions may be.Leaders on both sides of the border should contemplate them.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter, and sign upfor the Opinion Today newsletter.Jorge G. Castañeda, Mexico's foreign minister from 2000 to 2003, is a professorat New York University.A fence separating Mexico and the United States, at Tijuana, Mexico, this month.JORGE DUENES/REUTERS