WASHINGTON - States that voted for Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 electionreported stronger job growth in the preceding 12 months than states thatsupported Donald Trump, according to data released by the U.S. Labor Departmenton Friday.Large cities in states where voters were more likely to support Trump alsolagged in job growth, according to a separate analysis by Jed Kolko, chiefeconomist at Indeed, a job search website. The figures add credence to the ideathat economic concerns contributed to Trump's unexpected victory.Eleven U.S. states reported healthy job gains in October, and the unemploymentrate fell in seven, the Labor Department said Friday. Thirty-four statesreported little change in employment from the previous month.The healthiest gains in the past year were in "blue" states: Job growth was 3.5percent in Washington state, the biggest gain nationwide. Oregon reported thenext largest gain, at 3.3 percent. Other healthy increases were reported inColorado, California and Nevada.There were exceptions to the trend: Florida, which supported Trump, saw hiringincrease by 3.1 percent in the 12 months ended Oct. 31 - the third-highesttotal.But the smallest increases were in "red" states that voted for the Republicancandidate. Job growth was just 0.7 percent in Pennsylvania, 0.9 percent in Ohioand 1 percent in Wisconsin - three states that handed a combined 48 electoralvotes to Trump.And two states lost jobs in the past year: Wyoming and North Dakota, which havebeen hit by falling oil and coal prices. They both voted for Trump.Overall, the differences weren't huge: Job growth in blue states was 1.7 percentfor the 12-months period, compared with 1.5 percent in red states, according toKolko's calculations.But there are similarities in the city data. Six of the 10 metro areas with theslowest job growth were in Pennsylvania, Ohio and Wisconsin. Allentown andScranton, Pa., lost more jobs than any other city nationwide.Nationwide, the economy picked up in the fall even amid the contentiouspresidential election. Americans ramped up their shopping, and applications forunemployment aid fell to a four-decade low, a sign layoffs are scarce.That's prompted steady hiring, though it has fallen from last year's pace.Employers added 161,000 jobs nationwide in October, enough to reduce theunemployment rate over time. The rate slipped to 4.9 percent from 5 percent inSeptember.