The just completed election has left many Americans questioning whether ourprocess of selecting a president needs an overhaul. The primary season seemedendless and the two candidates it spawned were less than satisfying to many.Robert Wefald, in a guest opinion on Monday, argues the political parties needto dump the primaries and caucuses and get back to the parties selecting thepresidential candidates. He points out that the conventions lack drama becausethe candidates have been determined by the primaries. He also argues the winningcandidates have been flawed. Wefald favors having the parties select delegatesto the conventions and having them choose a candidate. He sees this as a way toget better candidates and return excitement to the conventions.He's right, the conventions are dull, with the highlights being the presidentialacceptance speeches. Even the vice presidential candidates often are announcedbefore the conventions begin. There's not much reality TV left in theconventions.You have to go back to baby boomers to find voters who can remember cliff-hangerconventions. The Tribune Editorial Board doubts a change to a system dominatedby the parties would meet with approval from everyone.Millennials would want a more direct voice in how presidential candidates aredecided. In fact, all Americans have grown accustomed to the primary or caucussystem. True, the primaries are messy, but democracies tend to be that way.A system dominated by the conventions brings visions of backroom (thesmoke-filled rooms have vanished) deals being brokered by the power elite. Thatmight not be the case, but it's a concern that will be shared by many.This isn't to say the system can't be improved, it can. The parties decide howthey select their candidates and they should review the process. Hillary Clintonwas able to build her delegate lead by getting commitments from super delegates.The Democrats should revisit that process. The primary-caucus system has gottentoo long and there have been some years when two-thirds of the way through theprimaries a candidate or candidates have been decided. This means part of thenation didn't have a say on the nominee.Our system isn't perfect, but it works. We shouldn't be afraid to tinker with itbecause we always want to find and elect the best candidate. Unfortunately, wedon't know if we did that until some time after the president has served. Thatshouldn't stop us from improving the system.