NEW YORK - You might have thought about it, heard it. A lot. You might have evenfelt it: Dictionary.com's word of the year is "xenophobia."While it's difficult to get at exactly why people look up words in dictionaries,online or on paper, it's clear that in contentious 2016, fear of "otherness"bruised the collective consciousness around the globe.The Brexit vote, police violence against people of color, Syria's refugeecrisis, transsexual rights and the U.S. presidential race were among prominentdevelopments that drove debate - and spikes in lookups of the word, said JaneSolomon, one of the site's lexicographers.The 21-year-old site defines xenophobia as "fear or hatred of foreigners, peoplefrom different cultures, or strangers." And it plans to expand its entry toinclude fear or dislike of "customs, dress and cultures of people withbackgrounds different from our own," Solomon said.The word didn't enter the English language until the late 1800s, she said. Itsroots are in two Greek words - "xenos," meaning "stranger or guest," and"phobos," meaning "fear or panic," Solomon added.The interest was clear June 24, within a period that represents the largestspike in lookups of xenophobia so far this year. That was the day of Brexit,when the UK voted to leave the European Union.Searches for xenophobia on the site increased by 938 percent from June 22 toJune 24, Solomon said.Lookups spiked again that month after President Barack Obama's June 29 speech inwhich he insisted that Donald Trump's rhetoric was not a measure of "populism,"but "nativism, or xenophobia, or worse."Solomon added that chatter about xenophobia went beyond the spikes. "It has beensignificant throughout the year," she said. "But after the EU referendum,hundreds and hundreds of users were looking up the term every hour."Robert Reich, who was President Bill Clinton's labor secretary, felt so stronglyabout xenophobia's prominence that he appears in a video for Dictionary.comdiscussing its ramifications. "I don't think most people even know whatxenophobia is," said Reich, who teaches public policy at the University ofCalifornia, Berkeley. "It's a word not to be celebrated but to be deeplyconcerned about."The word and the sentiment reflect a broader mournful tone to 2016, with Oxforddictionary editors choosing "post-truth" as their word of the year, oftendescribed in terms of politics as belonging to a time in which truth has becomeirrelevant."I wish," Solomon said, "we could have chosen a word like 'unicorns.'"