By Lisa Riley RocheDeseret NewsSALT LAKE CITY - A second meeting over dinner Tuesday night betweenPresident-elect Donald Trump and Mitt Romney suggests one of Trump's toughestcritics during the campaign is still in the running to become secretary ofstate."It sends a signal that Romney is a serious candidate, that this was about morethan a courtesy interview," said Chris Karpowitz, co-director of BYU's Centerfor the Study of Elections and Democracy.According to The Associated Press after the meal, Romney offered a glowingreview of Trump's transition thus far and his winning campaign. Romney notesthat "it's not easy to win," adding that Trump offered a vision that "connectedwith the American people in a very powerful way."He also said he has "increasing hope" that the president-elect can lead thecountry to a "better future."The dinner in New York City, which included Trump Chief of Staff Reince Priebus,comes as key members of Trump's transition team are publicly criticizing thepossible pick for the diplomatic post.Choosing Romney, who slammed the billionaire businessman as a "fraud" and a"phony" in a speech last March at the University of Utah, would leave Trump'ssupporters feeling "betrayed," Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway saidSunday.Others who supported Trump, such as former House Speaker Newt Gingrich andformer Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, have also pushed back against Romney, theGOP's 2012 presidential nominee considered an adopted Utah favorite son.Trump is looking at other candidates for the job once held by his Democraticrival in the presidential race, Hillary Clinton, including former New York MayorRudy Giuliani, retired Gen. David Petraeus and Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker.But after what Romney termed "a far-reaching conversation" about U.S. interestsaround the world with Trump during their well-publicized meeting earlier thismonth, the second meeting was set despite the split among Trump loyalists."There's obviously a great deal of controversy within the Trump team aboutappointing Romney that's spilled out into the open in ways that are highlyunusual," Karpowitz said. "The whole process has been more public than wetypically see."The Washington Post credited one of Romney's closest friends, Stephen Pagliuca,with helping to ease the way for Romney and Trump to get past their campaignrivalry.Pagliuca, a co-owner of the Boston Celtics basketball team who has socializedwith Trump, also reached out to the president-elect's advisers to suggest Romneybe considered for secretary of state, the newspaper reported.Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, who helped win over the state's Republicans to Trump,told CNN that while there will also be "some criticism" of Romney, he wouldn'tjoin the new administration unless he could be supportive."I was glad to see them invite Mitt back," Hatch said. "He's going to be loyal.He's going to be somebody who will carry the ball for them. That's one of hisgreat attributes. We'll just have to see what happens."Kirk Jowers, the former head of the University of Utah's Hinckley Institute ofPolitics, said typically, meeting for the second time about a job with apresident-elect over dinner "would be a phenomenally good sign" that thedecision had been made."But with Trump, you just don't know," Jowers said. "I think Romney has been aprofile in courage to go through this process. I know how much he loves hiscountry and that's why he's willing."Karpowitz said Trump "seems to thrive on this uncertainty, the drama of theprocess. In many ways, it does seem like a version of (Trump's former reality TVshow) 'The Apprentice.' Who will be sent home?"Romney needs to decide if he wants to work in that atmosphere, Karpowitz said,especially since having top advisers to the new president in open revolt againsthim "makes it very dicey."He said Trump and Romney are likely talking about how much influence the newadministration's secretary of state will have on foreign policy, since the pairdisagreed on many aspects, particularly when it comes to Russia.At some point, though, all of the public attention on Romney's interest in thejob and the negative reaction to him "just becomes humiliating" if a decisionisn't forthcoming, Karpowitz said."I think his reputation is at risk in several ways. One is he's humiliated bythe process. The other is that he gets the job, and has to carry water on behalfof policies he doesn't really believe in," he said.Because Romney stood up so strongly against Trump during the primary, it couldhurt him to be viewed as "the face of Donald Trump to the world," Karpowitzsaid, especially if he has little say as secretary of state.Don Peay, who headed Utahns for Trump and is close to the Trump family, told KSLNewsradio's Doug Wright that the new administration is working hard to get thebest people.As for Romney, Peay said his harsh words are like a bullet in a gun that's beenfired because they cannot be taken back."I think we all just learned a lesson here," Peay said. "Gov. Romney is a greatguy, a super talent. But you know, some of his words have stung some people andI think Trump is trying to work through that."Still, he said the dinner meeting never would have been scheduled had Trump andRomney not been willing to make that effort."Two gentlemen like that don't waste each others' time," Peay said. "Time isinfinitely valuable so there's obviously something going on there. We'llprobably know Wednesday or Thursday."Contributing: Ladd EganEmail: lisa@deseretnews.comTwitter: DNewsPoliticsLOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHPUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper