HIGHLIGHT: Employers in the United States added 178,000 workers last month,while the unemployment rate dropped to its lowest level in more than nine years.Departing occupants of the White House rarely hand off an improving economy to asuccessor from the opposing party.When Barack Obama was waiting in the wings after the 2008 presidential election,for example, the economy was in a severe downward spiral: Employers reportedcutting 533,000 jobs that November, the biggest monthly loss in a generation.But according to the government's report on Friday, Donald J. Trump can expectto inherit an economy that has added private sector jobs for 80 months, putanother 178,000 people on payrolls last month and pushed the unemployment ratedown to 4.6 percent today from 4.9 percent the previous month. Wage growth,though slower, is still running ahead of inflation, and consumers are expressingthe highest levels of confidence in nearly a decade.The Federal Reserve is confident enough about the economy's underlying strengththat it is now set to raise the benchmark interest rate when it meets later thismonth.The jobless rate for November, the lowest since August 2007, "is a testimony tohow strong employment growth has been," said Jim O'Sullivan, chief United Stateseconomist at High Frequency Economics.Jason Furman, now chairman of President Obama's Council of Economic Advisers,remembers the transition eight years ago, when he was crammed into his officewith a circle of key officials as the latest jobs numbers from the LaborDepartment landed."It was an utterly terrifying time, the likes of which none of us had ever seenin our lifetimes," Mr. Furman recalled. Fearing that "the economy was followingthe same trajectory that it did at the beginning of the Great Depression,"everyone was focused on how to "rapidly slow the bleeding and figure out how toget the economy growing again."By contrast, Mr. Furman said, "the economy today is healthy and it's improving."For all the improvements, tens of millions of Americans understandably feel thatthe recovery has passed them by. Those without skills are relegated tolow-paying positions without steady schedules, security and benefits.Breadwinners who once held well-compensated manufacturing jobs are angry aboutbeing forced to settle for lower-wage service jobs - or no jobs at all.Profound anxiety, particularly among the white working class, about the abilityto reach or comfortably remain in the middle class is one of the factors thathelped propel Mr. Trump to the White House.Pockets of weakness also surfaced in the latest jobs report, which showed thatmore people dropped out of the labor force last month than joined it.Manufacturing jobs declined further, and there are still plenty of part-timeworkers who would rather be full time. And while the official jobless rate forhigh school graduates fell to 4.9 percent, it is more than twice the rate forcollege graduates."There is a bifurcation of the work force," Jonas Prising, chairman and chiefexecutive of the ManpowerGroup, one of the largest recruiters in the UnitedStates. People who are able to take advantage of advances in technology,globalization and other shifts that favor those with the right skills for thenation's advanced services are thriving.For others, the prospects do not look good. "There used to be part of the workforce that had well-paying jobs that were low or unskilled," Mr. Prising said."Those kinds of jobs are very difficult to find today."The deal that Mr. Trump made with the heating and cooling company Carrier thisweek to keep 1,000 manufacturing jobs from moving to Mexico from Indiana isemblematic of the kind of actions he said he would take as president to helpblue-collar workers.But there are limits to the power of persuasion.Betsey Stevenson, an economist at the University of Michigan and a formereconomic adviser to Mr. Obama, said that manufacturing, while still a drivingforce in the economy, employed fewer and fewer people. More than 80 percent ofjobs are now in the service industry, Ms. Stevenson said, and Mr. Trump shouldbe thinking more about how to match workers with those jobs."The economy is in a great place, and his biggest challenge is continuing that,"she said.Some economists worry that the Federal Reserve is too focused on fears of futureinflation and that it should hold off on any increase in rates until conditionshave improved further. "There's no reason to pre-emptively slow the economydown, given that we're starting from less than full employment," said EliseGould, an economist at the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute in Washington."Right now, the priority should be keeping the economy on track and moving itforward."Such pleas are unlikely to win the day. At last month's meeting of the FederalReserve, members concluded that the case for an increase in the benchmark ratehad been "strengthened," and that they would be ready to move "so long asincoming data provided some further evidence of continued progress."Many employers are having a harder time finding and retaining workers."Recruiting is a tough issue right now in skilled and semiskilled industries,"said Robert A. Funk, chairman and chief executive of Express EmploymentProfessionals, a staffing agency based in Oklahoma City. He mentioned aparticular need for workers in accounting, information technology, call centers,warehousing and office and professional services.Mr. Funk said employers often complained about being unable to find employeeswith a strong work ethic who met the minimum requirements. "Drug screening is areal challenge in many parts of the country," he said. "Only 30 percent can passa drug screen in the state of Washington," where marijuana is legal.At the same time, employers have been reluctant to raise wages to a level thatmight lure back sidelined workers. The result has been that the country has5.5million job openings, a near-record level, but still relatively anemic laborforce participation rates."The challenge out there now is finding workers and keeping the workers youhave," said Steve Rick, chief economist at CUNA Mutual Group. Those shortages,whatever the cause, are likely to push wages higher next year, he said."People are feeling good not only about their current income but their futureincome," Mr. Rick said.Whatever the economy's current failings, Mark J. Rozell, a political scientistat George Mason University in Virginia, said it was nonetheless better than theones most incoming presidents have faced in the last half-century."Trump can be thankful that his predecessor is handing him a fairly strongsituation," Mr. Rozell said, "especially when compared to many past partytransfers of power."Follow Patricia Cohen on Twitter: @PatcohenNYTRelated Articles     ·    Last Economic Snapshot Before the Election Shows Healthy Job Growth     ·    How Economic Data Is Kept Politics-Free     ·    Fed Signals It's on Track to Raise Interest Rates in December