Last weekend, while Americans were recovering from their Thanksgiving feasting,the nation's retailers were having their Super Bowl.The sales push began on Thanksgiving Day and continued into Black Friday formajor retailers, leading into Small Business Saturday and then into CyberMonday.Small businesses, defined as having 500 or fewer employees, have long been thebackbone of the U.S. economy. According to the Small Business Administration,the nation's 28 million small businesses represent 54 percent of all U.S. salesand have provided 55 percent of all jobs since the 1970s.The 77 million people that make up the small business workforce would rank asthe 17th most populous country in the world, just ahead of Iran.Each small business has its own unique story."All the corner shops in our towns and cities - the restaurants, cleaners, gyms,hair salons, hardware stores - these didn't come out of nowhere," said HouseSpeaker Paul Ryan.Small businesses also significantly impact Pennsylvania's economy, representing98.3 percent of all employers and employ 48.6 percent of the private sectorlabor force. Most of the state's small businesses are very small; 76.7 percentof all businesses have no employees and most have fewer than 20 employees.Nationally, 78 percent of U.S. small businesses employ only one person, and morethan half of them operate out of the home. It takes six days to start a businessin the U.S. while the wait in China is 38 days.The small business vote proved large in the recent presidential election.According to an exclusive nationwide poll with Manta, a social network for smallbusinesses, Donald Trump won the crucial first debate in the eyes of smallbusinesses on Main Street.Manta CEO John Swanciger said small-business owners were highly invested in thiselection for good reason, with important issues including the minimum wage,overtime regulations, and continuing health care policy changes.The top concerns for small-business owners in order of priority are access tocapital (lending by financial institutions), hiring, religious freedom, foreignpolicy, immigration, health care and taxes. Almost 80 percent said raisingcapital was their No. 1 concern.There's not been a great deal of love for government from small business. A pollshowed that only 24 percent believed the government was supportive of thesmall-business man and 10 percent of those polled said they didn't wantgovernment involved at all.President-elect Trump continuously pounded the economic issues home during thecampaign, and the strategy was a winner. His victory, however, still has manywondering how the campaign rhetoric will translate into concrete steps andwhether Senate Democrats will try to slow the Republican agenda.As someone once said, "Small business isn't for the faint of heart. It's for thebrave, the patient and the persistent. It's for the overcomer."Although the author of that quote is unknown, it speaks volumes to theentrepreneurial spirit that drives the American economy.- Lehighton Times-News