The problem as I see it is that people love to hate and once that infection hastaken hold, it is resistant to cure, writes Llewellyn King.There is an ill wind blowing across the nation. Sometimes it is a foul gale,other times just a smelly zephyr. But it is as evil as it is nauseating, asnoisome as it is cruel. It blights good fellowship, throttles reasonablediscourse and brings threatening clouds for the future.Lies, insinuations, fabrications and distortions are not new to politics, butnow they have an awesome delivery system: fake news on the internet.A fringe of the already fringy alt-right believes that the election victory ofDonald Trump established a new order of self-righteous bigotry, as thoughdecency has been repealed, kindness put on hold and common sense sent to thejailhouse.A quiet block of small businesses on Connecticut Avenue in the Chevy Chasesection of Washington has become a focal point for the venomous malice of fakenews on the internet.On one side of the road is a Washington institution: the book store Politics andProse, a favorite place for authors to talk about their books on C-SPAN. It isowned by two former Washington Post reporters, one of whom was a speechwriterfor first lady Hillary Clinton.Across the street are two neighborhood restaurants: a large family pizza place,Comet Ping Pong, and a small French bistro and craft shop, Terasol.All three establishments have been the victims of fake news, which alleges thatthey are dealing in pedophilia, claiming Hillary Clinton, her presidentialcampaign manager, John Podesta, and former Secretary of State MadeleineAlbright, who have been customers, are kidnapping children and holding them intunnels under the pizza place.Sabrina Ousmal, who with her husband Alan Moin, own Terasol, has also been underattack. Here, I feel a personal involvement. Ousmal worked for me for more thana decade, and she and Alan are personal friends of me and my wife, LindaGasparello.Alan works full-time at Terasol, while Sabrina is the assistant publisher of TheEnergy Daily, which I founded in 1973 and sold in 2006.She has been besieged with hundreds of e-mails, spreading a vile story of childmolestation and kidnapping and even suggesting that The Energy Daily is analternative energy publication. Not true. It covers the electric utilityindustry and the government nuclear complex with dogged determination.Politics and Prose is under attack, presumably, because the owners, BradleyGraham and Lissa Muscatine, had worked as Washington Post reporters, andMuscatine was a speechwriter for Clinton.The police and the FBI are on the case. But this is a new perversion of truthand the perpetrators enjoy the courage that comes from anonymity: the courage ofthe ultimate bully.The implications here go far beyond one block of small businesses in Washington.The problem as I see it is that people love to hate and once that infection hastaken hold, it is resistant to cure. I have seen people warming themselves atthe fires of hate around the globe; in South Africa, where the Afrikaans and theEnglish traded in hate, as did the Xhosa and the Zulu; in Zimbabwe, where thehate was stirred by its evil president, Robert Mugabe, between his Shona peopleand the Ndebele.It has been stirred up, largely by a section of the press in Britain toward thecontinent, particularly the French. This, in the name of sovereignty, has led tothe slow, almost ritual economic suicide now playing out in London.Hate is at work daily in the Middle East, where it is the one thing people clingto: the paradoxical love of hating. Now there is a hate front here.