WASHINGTON - While the challenges of the GOP are obscured by victory, theproblems of the Democratic Party are on full display. Republicans suffer fromheart disease; Democrats have an ugly, gushing head wound.The losing party would be foolish to minimize the scale of its politicalfailure. Hillary Clinton proved incapable of defeating a reality television hostwhom more than 60 percent of Americans viewed as unfit to be president. It isperhaps the most humiliating moment in the long history of Mr. Jefferson'sparty. But the effect is more than reputational. The Democratic candidate andher team could not protect America from a serious risk to its ideals andinstitutions by an untested and unstable novice who flirted withauthoritarianism and made enough gaffes on an average Tuesday to sink a normalpresidential campaign.Donald Trump was riding a modest electoral wave in certain parts of the country,but it was not large enough to overwhelm a reasonably capable Democraticcandidate with a decent political strategy. Trump's vote did not burst thelevees; it barely lapped over the top of them in the industrial Midwest. The"blue wall" was too low by just a foot or two.The proposition "anyone but Hillary" was tested, with Republicans (and others)ultimately rallying to "anyone." The Obama coalition - including young, minorityand college-educated voters - did not turn out in sufficient numbers. And anappeal to racial and ethnic resentment remains disturbingly potent in ourpolitics - the continuing evidence of America's original sin.But here is the largest, long-term Democratic challenge: It has become aprovincial party. It is highly concentrated in urban areas and clings to thecoasts. But our constitutional system puts emphasis on holding geography,particularly in the House of Representatives and the Electoral College. It isdifficult for Democrats to prevail from isolated islands of deep blue. In 2012,President Obama won the presidency with fewer than 700 counties out of more than3,000 in America - a historical low. Clinton carried a little under 500 - about15 percent of the total.What are the Democratic options moving forward? First, there is the BernieSanders option - the embrace of a leftist populism that amounts to democraticsocialism. Second, there is the Joe Biden option - a liberalism that makes asustained outreach to union members and other blue-collar workers while showinga Catholic religious sensibility on issues of social justice. Third, there isthe option of doubling down on the proven Barack Obama option, which requires acandidate who can excite rather than sedate the Obama-era base.Democrats should not overlearn the lessons of a close election. Option No. 3 isthe Democratic future on the presidential level. But for the foreseeable future,Democrats will also need a dash of No. 2, including a more accommodatingattitude toward religion and associational rights.There is a serious prospect, however, that Democrats will choose No. 1. Americawould cease to have a center-left party and a center-right party. Bothradicalized institutions would exaggerate our national differences. And thecause of national unity would be damaged even further.Michael Gerson is a columnist for The Washington Post.Michael Gerson