The voting's over but cries of "Lock her up!" and "Build the wall!" were heardagain this week, and one Washington neighborhood had a message for the incomingvice president. Catch up on these tidbits and other political news you mighthave missed with these highlights from Trail Guide, the go-to political blog atlatimes.com.Rainbow flags greet Pence in WashingtonVice President-elect Mike Pence's temporary neighbors have sent a not-so-welcomemessage criticizing his stance on gay rights.Residents in northwest Washington, D.C., near where Pence is renting a house,have begun flying LGBT pride flags from their homes."A respectful message showing, in my case, my disagreement with some of histhinking," neighbor Ilse Heintzen told WJLA-TV.As governor of Indiana, Pence signed a measure into law last year that wouldhave allowed businesses to reject gay and lesbian customers on grounds ofreligious freedom. He later signed a revised version of the law prohibitingdiscrimination based on sexual orientation. As a congressman in 2010, Pencecriticized efforts to repeal "don't ask, don't tell" to let gays serve openly inthe military.Pence's rental is listed at $6,000 per month. According to WJLA, "roughly ahalf-dozen pride flags" fly on the block, with more to come.Pence will move into the official vice presidential mansion at the NavalObservatory, also in northwest Washington, after Vice President Joe Biden movesout.-- Colleen ShalbyTrump remains in campaign modeThe election had been over for more than three weeks when President-elect DonaldTrump took the stage Thursday night in Cincinnati, but inside the arena it waslike the campaign had never ended.Supporters chanted familiar slogans about Hillary Clinton ("Lock her up!") andillegal immigration ("Build the wall!"). They booed the media when Trumpcriticized what he called "the very dishonest press."The rally was, familiarly, interrupted by protesters, whom Trump mocked as theywere escorted out by saying they were going "back home to Mom."Trump said he was going to discuss an "action plan" for his administration, buthe seemed more animated regaling the crowd with a play-by-play of how televisionnews covered election night. He relished the surprise on anchors' faces as itbecame clear that the "blue wall" of normally Democratic states would fall toTrump, handing him a victory."We shattered that sucker," he said. "That poor wall is busted up."Trump delivered a strongly nationalistic message and repeated his pledge to put"America first.""There is no global anthem, no global currency," Trump said. "We pledgeallegiance to one flag, and that flag is the American flag."Although Trump has not expressed regret for some of the racially chargedrhetoric of his campaign, he pledged to "find common ground" as president andsaid, "We spend too much time focusing on what divides us.""We condemn bigotry and prejudice in all of its forms," he said.-- Chris MegerianElectoral College win far from landslideTrump's tweet that he would have won the popular vote but for "millions" ofillegal voters was not based on fact. There is no proof backing up hisstatement, and voting researchers uniformly dismissed it as false.In his tweet, Trump wrote: "In addition to winning the Electoral College in alandslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who votedillegally."Also problematic was his claim in the same tweet that his victory was one of therare landslides in American political history.A study of electoral vote results by John J. Pitney, an author and professor ofgovernment at Claremont McKenna College, shows that Trump resides on the lowerend of the electoral vote scale.He won 56.97% of the electoral votes up for grabs by virtue of his state wins.That places him 46th out of the 58 elections since George Washington's era,Pitney found.In 38 elections, the winners exceeded 60% of the vote, a lopsided verdict byvoters.Clear landslides were won most recently by Ronald Reagan: In 1984, he won 97.58%of electoral votes, and in 1980 he won 90.89%.-- Cathleen DeckerThe GOP's timetable to repeal ObamacareHouse Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy cast doubt on whether the Republican-ledCongress would be ready to repeal Obamacare by inauguration day, as some inTrump's transition team have suggested could happen in a special session.But the Bakersfield Republican said GOP lawmakers would try to start as soon aspossible on what he acknowledged would be a complicated two-step process torepeal and replace Obamacare that will consume much of 2017 and beyond.Their plan involves retroactively passing a fiscal 2017 budget in the earlyweeks of Trump's term. Such a maneuver would give Republicans the ability tounwind President Obama's signature domestic program with a simple majority vote,without facing a Democratic filibuster. Replacing the Affordable Care Act wouldcome later, and likely extend into fiscal 2018."Once it's repealed you will have hopefully fewer people playing politics andeverybody coming to the table to find the best policy," McCarthy told reportersTuesday. "I just want to make sure we get it right."McCarthy cautioned that repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act would bemore complicated than simply sending a bill to the White House for thepresident's signature.Instead, Congress will need to insert special repeal instructions as part of thewonky budget reconciliation process. And that will take time, he said.McCarthy said replacing Obamacare would be even tougher than repealing it. Eventhough Republicans have promised their own healthcare law, they have never beenable to produce an agreed-upon alternative.To gather ideas, McCarthy said he would solicit advice from governors and stateinsurance commissioners.Since Congress did not pass a 2017 budget for the fiscal year that began Oct. 1,they hope to retroactively approve one in the weeks ahead so they can includethe first part of the special instructions needed to repeal the program. But hedoubts that will be completed by the time Trump takes office."I don't think you can do it before [Jan.] 20th," he said. "There's only so manylegislative days."-- Lisa MascaroQuote of the week"You are a terrific guy."-- Donald Trump, in a phone call with Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif