State Republicans are seeking to prevent a recount of ballots in some AlleghenyCounty precincts on Monday, arguing that petitions seeking the recount werefiled in the wrong place."The Elections Board has no power or authority to conduct any further recount orrecanvass," said a Wednesday filing in Common Pleas Court by Republicanattorneys Ronald Hicks and Lawrence Tabas.The arguments involved are technical, and rely on a close reading of thetimeline according to which votes are counted and challenges may be permitted.But in essence, Republicans argue that those seeking the recount were in thewrong place at the right time.The recount process began on Nov. 28, when more than 300 Allegheny Countyresidents, encouraged by the campaign of Green Party presidential candidate JillStein, filed petitions at the county's election office, seeking a recount ofresults in more than 50 polling places. Similar efforts took place in othercounties, mostly in the Philadelphia area, and the Stein campaign also filed astatewide lawsuit contesting the election.Pennsylvania's election code does allow for precinct-level recounts, providedthey are sought by three voters petitioning within a given district. But underthe code, a recount request can only be brought to the election board before itfinishes counting the votes - a process called "computation." Voters can stillseek a recount for up to five days after computation is complete, but they mustfile their petitions in Common Pleas Court instead.Allegheny County's computation was finished Nov. 23. A recount petition filedafter that date, the Republicans argue, could only be filed in court, with amonetary bond."[O]nce a return board has performed its duty and made its return, ... it cannotreconvene and make another computation," the filing says. "[I]nstead, the soleremedy of a dissatisfied party is in the courts."That argument seems to jibe with guidance the Department of State provided tocounties on Nov. 28. "If your county has finished its computation . and thefive-day period expires today or later, you may inform the filer that duringthis five-day period, the petition for recount must be filed with the Court ofCommon Pleas," the guidance reads.An Allegheny County spokeswoman declined comment on the filing."Voters in Allegheny County of all political persuasions, and Americans acrossthe country, are calling for us to verify the vote. Today's filing made clearthat some will stop at nothing to deny voters the assurance their vote counted.It's disappointing to see them try to stand in the way of a voting system allAmericans can trust," said David Cobb, campaign manager for the Jill Steincampaign recount effort."I certainly understand Republicans don't want a recount," said Ron Bandes, thepresident of election-transparency group VoteAllegheny, which supports therecount. "They're the winners, and they don't want to jeopardize that. But theyaren't recognizing the multiple purposes of this recount."Mr. Bandes' group is wary of electronic voting machines like those used inAllegheny County, which do not retain a paper record of a voter's choices.Activists and some computer experts fear that such machines are especiallyvulnerable to hacking, and hoped a recount would help investigate thoseconcerns.Mr. Bandes said a recount, and forensic examination of voting machines, couldlead to better elections even if it didn't change the outcome of this year'svote. "If you think about the Bush v. Gore case in 2000, the result didn'tchange, but we did get the Help America Vote Act," he said. That law promptedstates like Pennsylvania to purchase the paperless machines, he acknowledged,but it also mandated improvements."The system is getting better, and that's important," said Mr. Bandes.Republicans have scoffed at the Stein campaign's recount effort since it gotunderway, calling it "totally and completely without any merit" in a statementWednesday. But they had little to say about the court filing.Ron Hicks, who acts as a lawyer for Allegheny County Republicans, did notrespond to calls made Tuesday about the possibility of a challenge, or to callsmade after it had been filed Wednesday. The Republican Committee of AlleghenyCounty referred questions to the state party, where spokeswoman Megan Sweeneysaid she wasn't familiar with the filing but said, "We look forward to when Dr.Stein's absurd challenges are done once for all."LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHNOTES: Chris Potter: cpotter@post-gazette.com or 412-263-2533.PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper