Third-party candidates pride themselves on overturning the bipartisan consensus.And Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein may yet overturn the consensusthat this excruciating presidential election is finally over.No need to thank her."[T]he unexpected results of the election and reported anomalies need to beinvestigated before the 2016 presidential election is certified," Ms. Stein saidin a Wednesday statement seeking a recount of votes in Pennsylvania, Wisconsinand Michigan. "We deserve elections we can trust."It's not that Ms. Stein believes she won. Her campaign is seeking a recountbecause "we do not have confidence in the integrity of the election results,"said campaign manager David Cobb in a Facebook address Wednesday. "Cyber expertshave shown us that it is absolutely possible to hack these systems. ... It isour hope that we are able to literally get our hands on [voting machines] tofind out whether or not we can have confidence in the reported results."The campaign launched an online fundraising effort seeking $2.5 million byFriday evening, money needed to post bonds necessary for the recounts. Nearly$340,000 in donations had been logged by 5:30 p.m. Wednesday. The deadline forcontesting Pennsylvania's election results is Monday.The effort follows a report, published in New York magazine Tuesday, that someelection lawyers and computer experts suspect election returns "may have beenmanipulated or hacked" in the three Rust Belt states. In some areas, theydetected a pattern in which Democrat Hillary Clinton fared worse in precinctswhere votes were recorded electronically, without a paper trail to confirm thedigital record is correct.Two-thirds of Pennsylvania counties, including vote-rich Allegheny andPhiladelphia, use such paper-free machines. Experts have demonstrated suchmachines can be hacked even without being hooked up to the internet. As thePost-Gazette reported in September, many have worried that Pennsylvania, acrucial battleground, could be especially prone to hacking fears as a result.Adding to such fears this year have been widely publicized hacks of DemocraticParty email servers, and apparent efforts to penetrate state voter-registrationdatabases.The basis for this week's concerns, however, appear to be purely circumstantial.One of the experts in the magazine report, University of Michigan computerscientist J. Alex Halderman, wrote separately that machines had "probably not"been hacked, but the only way to be sure was "to closely examine the availablephysical evidence."Mr. Halderman and others reportedly urged the Clinton campaign to press forrecounts this week. The campaign has so far declined, and Democrats seemeddubious about the notion on Wednesday."If there were something to do here, there are a lot of us who would be jumpingon it," said Adam Bonin, a Philadelphia election law attorney who representsDemocrats.Mr. Bonin said that while every election has "little hitches and glitches, Ihaven't seen anything which would cause me to question the results." Nor, hesaid, "have I ever seen evidence that would lead me to call the machines intoquestion.""I'm sympathetic to the notion that we should move to a system where there is amore auditable balloting process," he said. But "You can't just go on a fishingexpedition. You have to have allegations of specific fraud, or machines thatdidn't accept votes."On Facebook, Mr. Cobb told followers that "there were some pretty significantanomalies" on Election Day, although he didn't identify where they took place.Carl Romanelli, the Stein campaign's Pennsylvania field coordinator, said hewasn't aware of such problems here."I haven't spoken with party representatives about complaints that may have comein," he said. But "voter integrity is one of our huge issues, and the Steincampaign appears to be taking the lead on making sure the public can trust itselections.""I don't want anyone to get the impression that this is about affecting theoutcome of the election," he added.It's highly unlikely that a recount would do so in Pennsylvania, wherePresident-elect Donald Trump leads by roughly 70,000 votes. When the Greensjoined a challenge of Ohio's 2004 presidential results, the recount narrowedGeorge W. Bush's win by only about 300 votes.But Audrey Glickman, the secretary-treasurer of VoteAllegheny, said a challengewould be "a good thing." The group has long pressed for the adoption of "opticalscanner" machines, in which voters mark preferences on ballots that are scannedby machine and retained for verification."We're glad people are focusing on this," Ms. Glickman said. "At the same time,I worry that if Trump comes out as the winner, people will say these concernsaren't real. We need to have a ballot that the voter knows is correct andstuffed into a box, where it can be checked."