With the dust still settling from the presidential election, officials in DuPageCounty and Aurora already are gearing up for local elections in the spring.The filing period for candidates seeking municipal posts in Aurora, Napervilleand Wheaton begins today and continues through Nov. 28.Filing in those towns starts earlier than in others because if more than fourcandidates pursue any one post, a Feb. 28 primary will be needed to winnow thefield. No more than four candidates for a single seat are allowed to appear onthe general election ballot in April.Candidates in towns that aren't eligible for primaries will not begin filingtheir nominating petitions until next month. The general election is April 4.This year, Republicans in several townships in DuPage County are planningprimaries in February no matter how many candidates file.Here's a quick look at the potential races:AuroraThe state's second-largest city is expected to have one of the most-watchedmayoral races in the suburbs.Three-term Aurora Mayor Tom Weisner stepped down Oct. 30 because of healthconcerns. Four candidates -- Linda Chapa LaVia, RickGuzman, Richard Irvin and Mike Saville -- already are campaigning for his seat.Chapa LaVia, a veteran of the Army and National Guard, has served as a staterepresentative since 2003. Guzman has served as assistant chief of staff inWeisner's office since 2011. Irvin is an alderman-at-large who has been on thecity council since 2007. Saville is a real estate agent and Ward 6 alderman whojoined the council in 1985.It's possible at least one more candidate will emerge and trigger the need for aprimary.In addition to the race for mayor, candidates for alderman in wards 2, 4, 7, 9and 10 along with one alderman-at-large seat must file with the Aurora ElectionCommission.NapervilleAfter an unusual 2015 election in which all eight Naperville City Council seatsand the mayor's post were up at once, this election includes only four expiringcity council terms.Those elected to the seats will get 4-year terms on the panel leading thestate's fifth-largest city.Incumbents Judith Brodhead, Kevin Coyne, Kevin Gallaher and John Krummen allhave pulled packets from the city clerk's office and are expected to seekre-election.Financial advisory board member and small-business owner Mike Isaac says he willcampaign for a seat as well, while at least three others -- 2015 candidatesSteve Peterson and John Colletti and Naperville Area Homeowners ConfederationPresident Bob Fischer -- say they are considering runs.The clerk's office says residents Charles Kennedy and Benjamin White, a schoolboard member in Indian Prairie Unit District 204, also have pulled packets for apotential run. Kennedy and White did not return calls seeking comment.The race appears headed straight for the April 4 election because 17 candidates-- or one more than four times the number of seats available -- must file totrigger a primary.WheatonAll four district seats on the Wheaton City Council are up for grabs.Incumbents Phil Suess, Thor Saline, John Rutledge and Todd Scalzo are expectedto seek re-election. They represent the north, east, south and west districts ofthe city, respectively.Other residents who have pulled packets from the city clerk's office includeRoger Frye, Lynn Robbins, Joseph Leone, Robert McNeily, Thomas Dymit, KatherinePatel and Scott Lightbody. More than four candidates would need to file for oneof the district seats to cause a primary."We've had it in the past where packets have gone out but they have not beenfiled," City Clerk Sharon Barrett-Hagen said. "You never know how Monday isgoing to go. Not everyone wants to come the first day."TownshipsIn a twist this year, Republicans in Naperville, Winfield and Wayne townshipswill use a Feb. 28 primary to select next spring's township candidates.As a result, voters will pick the GOP nominees for every township post,including the supervisor, assessor, highway commissioner and clerk. The primarywinners will face the Democratic Party nominees in the April election.Traditionally, Republicans and Democrats in DuPage's nine townships gatherduring a caucus to nominate their party's candidates.* Daily Herald staff writers Jessica Cilella and Marie Wilson contributed tothis report.LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHPUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper