HIGHLIGHT: Supporters of the president-elect in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin andMichigan are ramping up efforts to stop the election recounts in their tracks.LANSING, Mich. - Supporters of President-elect Donald J. Trump have filed legalchallenges in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and Michigan in a suddenly robust effortto stop the presidential election recount efforts there.Bill Schuette, the attorney general of Michigan, said that the recount,initiated by Jill Stein, the Green Party candidate, put Michigan voters at riskof "paying millions and potentially losing their voice in the Electoral Collegein the process.""This court cannot allow a dilatory and frivolous request for a recount by anaggrieved party to silence all Michigan votes for president," Mr. Schuette, aRepublican, said in a court filing.A lawsuit against the Wisconsin Elections Commission filed in Federal DistrictCourt by the Great America PAC, the Stop Hillary PAC and Ronald R. Johnson, aWisconsin resident, argued that the recount could "unjustifiably cast doubt" onMr. Trump's victory in that state.The plaintiffs argued that the recount, which began across the state's 72counties on Thursday morning, should be halted immediately, in part becausethere is a substantial chance that it cannot be accurately completed by thedeadline of Dec. 12. In 2011, a statewide recount took close to a month.In Michigan on Friday, where the recount is still pending, the Board of StateCanvassers met to consider an objection to the recount by Mr. Trump.Lawyers for Mr. Trump told the canvassing board, which is made up of twoDemocrats and two Republicans, that it should not allow a recount to proceed,describing it as needless, too expensive and not required by Michigan law.Besides, Ms. Stein came nowhere near winning the state."This recount petition is absolutely unprecedented in the history of Michiganelection law," said Gary Gordon, a lawyer for Mr. Trump and his campaign.A lawyer for Ms. Stein, Mark Brewer, said Mr. Trump's campaign was making a"desperate attempt" to avoid a recount. "I would remind everybody that theoriginal source of the allegation that this election was rigged was Mr. Trump,"Mr. Brewer told the board.The Michigan board split, 2-2, along party lines, meaning the recount objectionfailed.Lawyers for Mr. Trump and his allies are also seeking to halt legal proceedingsby Ms. Stein to contest the statewide election results in Pennsylvania.Lawrence J. Tabas, general counsel of the Republican Party of Pennsylvania, saidin an interview on Friday that Ms. Stein's lawyers had fallen short ofdemonstrating that there was fraud or illegal action in the Nov. 8 election."They know they have no claim," he said."This action by Jill Stein and her supporters - I couldn't even call it a HailMary pass, because that would be insulting to the Hail Mary pass," said Mr.Tabas, who along with other lawyers, submitted a lengthy brief filed inPennsylvania court on Thursday.The recounts bids are widely viewed as having little chance of making adifference. But Ms Stein, in a statement, said the challenges to them were aneffort to put "party politics above country.""In an election already tainted by suspicion, previously expressed by DonaldTrump himself," she said, "verifying the vote is a common-sense procedure thatwould put all concerns around voter disenfranchisement to rest. Trump'sdesperate attempts to silence voter demands for recounts raise a simplequestion: why is Donald Trump afraid of these recounts?"Ms. Stein has raised millions of dollars for an effort to force recounts inWisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania, states that have recently voted Democraticand where Mr. Trump won by relatively thin margins.Monica Davey reported from Lansing, Mich., Julie Bosman from Chicago and SteveEder from Philadelphia.