Even politicos celebrate Thanksgiving, conceding that they have much to begrateful for (especially for not being tarred and feathered by election-wearycitizens). WikiLeaks, Russian wiretapping and anonymous hactivists have nothingon us because through clandestine means we were able to simultaneously Skypedozens of heartfelt expressions of gratitude politicians voiced last Thursdaybefore diving into the sour grapes (those who lost on Nov. 8) or the roasteddonkey (those who won).Utah Republican leaders: We are grateful for Mormon guilt and sense of civicduty. It took a while to kick in this year, but the last-minute rush to voteprevented many GOP defeats. It's so much fun to dash the hopes of Democrats whothought they had won.Utah Democratic leaders: Even though we predicted a gain of up to ninelegislative seats, we are resigned to being Charlie Brown, always having thefootball pulled away at the last second. We're just grateful that Republicansnow have to live with Donald Trump for four years.National pollsters, pundits, campaign experts, political wise men: This crowwe're eating for Thanksgiving dinner is actually pretty tasty. We are gratefulfor the insecurity that exists in the political process - forcing politicians,campaign managers and interest groups to continue to hire us even though webotched it in 2016.Twitter executives and shareholders: Our stock may be struggling, but we aregrateful that the soon-to-be leader of the free world uses our humble littletool as his signature means of communicating. We're confident he can frightenterrorists and stop Russian tanks from invading Ukraine by blasting them with140-character bombshells. After all, the FBI's discoveries while investigatingthe bizarre tweeting by the husband of Hillary Clinton's former chief of staffhelped bring down the entire Democratic presidential campaign. Is this a greatcountry, or what?Evan McMullin: I'm grateful for arcane constitutional provisions regarding theElectoral College that gave me a lot of national attention as pundits watched tosee if I would win any electoral votes. I didn't win, but I exhausted thepotential of this gambit by raising $1 million and launching a political career.Right-wing activist groups: The Lord moves in mysterious ways. We're gratefulthat a vulgar playboy billionaire is the vehicle to implement our conservativeagenda.Left-wing activist groups: The Lord moves in mysterious ways. President-electTrump is already helping us raise more money than ever before. And we areconfident the vulgar playboy billionaire will promote some of our agenda.News media owners: Sure, we were shocked at the election outcome, but we'regrateful that Trump's antics in the primary and general elections deliveredincredible ratings. Now we have another four years of huge profits.Trump activists Don Peay & House Speaker Greg Hughes: We're pleased to say,"Told you so" to all those Never-Trumpers who didn't believe. Now we're keepingour cellphones charged. Wouldn't want to miss a call from Trump Towers.Gov. Gary Herbert: Four more years of Thanksgiving dinners in the Governor'sMansion is worth gobbling about. And now if Trump will take Greg Hughes toWashington, I will REALLY have happy holidays.Congressman Jason Chaffetz: Hillary may not be around, but I am thankful thatthere will be plenty of Obama holdover appointees and controversies within thenew administration to investigate. Washington, as always, will be a "targetrich" environment for Oversight Committee inquiries.Sen. Mike Lee: I am thankful that Trump needs me more than I need him. If he'swilling to play nice with Mitt Romney, I should be in good shape. And there'salways that outside chance of the Supreme Court. ...Former governor and ambassador to China Jon Huntsman Jr.: I have much to begrateful for this season. I'm glad I was prescient enough to endorse Trump. I'mhappy the Utah election showed an independent can gain traction. I am pleasedthat SB54 is available to avoid hardline delegates. I'm especially thrilled thatSen. Hatch promised long ago that he wouldn't seek another term in 2018.Sen. Orrin Hatch: I am grateful that so many people consider me indispensable.I'm indispensable to the president if he wants to get his priorities andappointees through the Senate. I'm indispensable to the people of Utah to keepan eye on Trump. I'm indispensable to ensure a conservative Supreme Court. Justcall me the Indispensable Man as I look toward 2018.Congresswoman Mia Love: I give thanks for a healthy 14-point victory. Thatshould keep those pesky national Democrats quiet about my district.Congressman Rob Bishop: With Hillary out and Trump in, a monument designation isin jeopardy and my public land legislation is now viable. I am grateful forthose Trump voters in the swing states.Jason Perry, director of Hinckley Institute of Politics: Trump, Bernie, Hillary,Cruz, McMullin Herbert, Johnson, Weinholtz, email controversy, Hollywood Accessvideo, Twitter rants, competing pollsters, etc. I am grateful for a veryexciting year in Utah politics.Pignanelli & Webb: As always, we are grateful for the enduring patience of theDeseret News and readers who actually peruse our musings, and family members whotolerate our grumpiness as the weekly deadline approaches.Please have a wonderful holiday season.Republican LaVarr Webb is a political consultant and lobbyist. Previously he waspolicy deputy to Gov. Mike Leavitt and Deseret News managing editor. Email:lwebb@exoro.com Democrat Frank Pignanelli is a Salt Lake attorney, lobbyist andpolitical adviser. Pignanelli served 10 years in the Utah House ofRepresentatives, six years as minority leader. His spouse, D'Arcy DixonPignanelli, is a state tax commissioner. Email: frankp@xmission.comLOAD-DATE: November 27, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHPUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper