"This is certainly not Bush v. Gore," a Wisconsin elections official said.Well, what is it?The state is initiating the first significant candidate-driven recount in apresidential election since the 2000 ordeal in Florida between then-VicePresident Al Gore and eventual President George W. Bush.Donald Trump is certain to remain president-elect after Wisconsin's nearly 3million ballots are re-tabulated.But the fight in Wisconsin and potentially in other states has given third-partycandidates new rationale for seeking attention for their causes, and it hasgiven Trump fresh ammunition to trash his opponents -- as well as, mostbaffling, the political process in which he just secured the presidency.Here is a look at the issues involved in Wisconsin and elsewhere as the 2016presidential election seeps into overtime.Why is Wisconsin heading toward a recount?In requesting a recount Friday, just ahead of a deadline to do so, Green Partycandidate Jill Stein cited "well-documented and conclusive evidence of foreigninterference" in the presidential race, as well as "irregularities observed inWisconsin." Wisconsin was one of Trump's narrowest wins, by about 22,000 votes.Why is Stein seeking the recount?Wisconsin has no threshold for triggering an automatic recount, leaving it up toindividual candidates to request, and pay for, any re-tallying of the votes.Stein received 31,006 votes in the state, about 1% of the total, giving her thestanding to seek a recount even though she's unlikely to benefit from apotential change in result.Another candidate, Roque "Rocky" De La Fuente, applied for the recount ahead ofStein, part of what he called an effort to "bring the weaknesses of ourelectoral system to the attention of every citizen." De La Fuente received just1,514 votes in Wisconsin.This is as much about getting their names in the news as it is about electionintegrity. For Stein, the recount effort also helped raise money, which shesought in connection with the recount but which her campaign would not guaranteewould be spent exclusively on recount efforts.Stein's petition was also prompted by a report on findings by J. Alex Halderman,a professor of computer science at the University of Michigan. He questionedwhether Hillary Clinton's poor performance in some counties was tied to the useof electronic voting machines that could have been tampered with. Stein includedthe post as "exhibit one" for her petition, even as Halderman clarified theinterpretation of his analysis.But what some saw as potential anomalies are easily explained by demographics,other experts said. The counties that use paper ballots tended to be urban, moreDemocratic-leaning areas where Clinton performed best.Why does it cost so much?The federal deadline to complete the recount is Dec. 13, and county officialsmay need to work evenings and weekends to meet it, according to state electionsoverseers. Wisconsin's last statewide recount, a 2011 state Supreme Court race,cost $520,000 to examine about half as many ballots, according to an AssociatedPress survey of county clerks.Candidates can challenge results of the recount within five days of the recountbeing completed.Stein's campaign for recounts led her to raise $6.5 million through an initialfundraising drive, toward a goal of $7 million she said was needed to covercosts. After her call for a recount received an enthusiastic response, sherepeatedly increased the amount of money she said she needed.Where does Hillary Clinton fit in?Clinton's team did its due diligence in Wisconsin and other states and found no"actionable evidence" of vote manipulation, and no state where a recount orchallenge was merited, said Marc Elias, a lawyer for her campaign. But onceStein initiated the recount, the Clinton campaign wanted to ensure it wasrepresented.That participation has been exaggerated and misconstrued by some to say Clintonis herself challenging the result. Wisconsin election officials said Monday thatClinton's campaign would not bear any costs for the recount, but that it -- likeTrump's campaign -- was eligible to observe the process.And yes, Clinton, her campaign, Democrats, even some Republicans and manyindependent and outside voices were critical of Trump's refusal during one ofthe televised debates to say he would honor the result of the election. He laterclarified to say that he reserved the right to challenge any questionable resultif he suspected potential fraud.That's quite different, both in spirit and in literal terms, to this process. Itis Trump, not Stein or Clinton, alleging a widespread effort to manufactureillegal votes.Where else might we see recounts?Pennsylvania and Michigan are two other closely contested states where Stein isseeking recounts. They, along with Wisconsin, made up the Clinton firewall thatTrump successfully breached.It's worth pointing out that elections in this country are not conducted by asingle entity. All 50 states have their own processes for conducting electionsand their own rules for certifying, auditing and potentially recounting results.And some states allow counties and municipalities leeway to act independently ofone another, on issues such as voting equipment, for instance.The Wisconsin Elections Commission calls its state the most decentralized in thenation, with primary authority for the recount at the county level with stateoversight.This uneven process virtually guarantees it is impossible to conduct widespreadfraud that would turn an election.Stein's campaign said Monday that it was successful in initiating recountrequests in 100 voting precincts in Pennsylvania, where Trump won by more than68,000 votes. But there are more than 9,000 precincts statewide, so Stein is farshort of what she needs to trigger a statewide recount.A recount in Pennsylvania is especially unlikely to yield a substantiallydifferent result, given that it is one of just a dozen states where there is nopaper record to review.Elections officials in Michigan, where Trump won by more than 11,000 votes,certified results Monday, triggering a deadline for candidates to request arecount within 48 hours. Stein's campaign said it would request a recountWednesday that's done by hand.What are the chances this changes the election results?Slim to none. Citing data compiled by nonprofit FairVote of the 27 statewidegeneral election recounts in the last 16 years, FiveThirtyEight found that theaverage change in margin was just 282 votes. The biggest was in thehighest-profile case: Florida's presidential vote in 2000, when Al Gore gained1,247 votes to close to within 537 votes behind George W. Bush, out of more than5.9 million cast. Still, he didn't win the state or the election.Just three states -- New Hampshire, Wisconsin and Michigan -- had final marginsof less than 1 percentage point in the 2016 election. In terms of raw votes, theclosest outcome of the roughly dozen battleground states was New Hampshire,where Clinton won by just 2,736 votes.But the Nov. 14 deadline for any candidate to apply for a recount, as well as aNov. 18 deadline for voters to petition the state for one, came and went."I've never seen a recount overturn margins as large as the ones we're dealingwith here," said David Wasserman, an elections analyst for the nonpartisan CookPolitical Report who is closely monitoring the state-by-state electoral tallies.You're kidding.Very little of this is funny.So why do we care?In part because we're in the unique situation in which the president-elect, thewinner of the election, is the one most publicly raising questions about theintegrity of the outcome.Trump attacked Stein for initiating the recount, then went on to say he wouldhave won the national popular vote as well as the electoral college had millionsof ineligible votes not been cast, a falsehood for which his own campaign hasoffered no evidence.The most likely source for Trump was hardly a credible one: a report withoutevidence cited by the fringe website InfoWars.com claiming to have verified thatmore than 3 million votes were cast by noncitizens. "Virtually all of the votescast by 3 million illegal immigrants are likely to have been for HillaryClinton, meaning Trump might have won the popular vote when this number is takeninto account," the website said.As The Times reported just before the election, voter fraud -- in which a personcasts a ballot despite knowingly being ineligible to vote -- is "extraordinarilyrare," according to a report by the Brennan Center for Justice at New YorkUniversity Law School. The 2007 study examined elections where wrongdoing wasalleged and found the rate of substantiated instances of fraud ranged between0.00004% and 0.0009%.Vote tallying is ongoing -- mostly in California -- and Clinton is likely to winthe popular vote by about 2.5 million votes.Who is Trump talking about when he falsely claims that millions voted illegally?He didn't specify, but he may have been talking about people who vote eventhough they are not citizens, a warning he repeated during the campaign. "Theyare letting people pour into the country so they can go ahead and vote," he saidin October, again without evidence. By law, all voters in national elections aresupposed to be U.S. citizens. Even legal immigrants may not vote until theybecome naturalized.Can noncitizens register to vote?It's possible, though not legal. When people register, they must check a boxswearing that they are citizens. But in most places, the question is handled onthe honor system. Election administrators usually verify identity, by checkingdrivers' license or Social Security records. But under federal rules, they maynot ask for proof of citizenship, like a birth certificate or a passport.Do they actually vote?It has happened, though not in any meaningful fashion in terms of electionresults. A conservative legal foundation that has pushed for citizenship checkshas obtained lists of people purged from the voting rolls for not beingcitizens.In Virginia, more than 1,000 people have been removed since 2011 in eightcounties that provided records. In Philadelphia, election administrators purged86 noncitizen voters over three years; 40 had voted at least once.Election supervisors say most of these cases were mistakes made by people whothought they could vote, not cases of intent to fraudulently vote.What's the evidence that millions of people are voting illegally?There is none. Trump has mentioned a statistical analysis by three Virginiaacademics that estimated that more than 6% of noncitizens cast illegal votes in2008. But that study was attacked by other experts, who said that it made toomuch of a few people who said they were noncitizens and might have givenincorrect answers to a survey.--michael.memoli@latimes.comTimes staff writer Joseph Tanfani in Washington contributed to this report.