HIGHLIGHT: Michael Venditto, the Republican incumbent, and John E. Brooks, hisDemocratic challenger, remained in a close contest amid objections from bothparties.Painstaking vote counts. Talk of possible fraud. Suggestions of racism andageism, and disparaging comments about people with disabilities. And none of ithad anything to do with Donald J. Trump.With the presidential election fast receding into the past, there was stillcampaign drama unfolding on Wednesday on the South Shore of Long Island, wherethe race for New York State Senate's Eighth District has been contested with theardor and election board intrigue of the Bush-Gore contest in Florida in 2000.The race pitted the incumbent, Michael Venditto, a first-term Republican withsome family political baggage, against John E. Brooks, a former insuranceexecutive who now seems tantalizingly close to capturing a seat that fewDemocrats thought was winnable until recently.By late Wednesday afternoon, Mr. Brooks - a longtime Republican running as aDemocrat - had declared victory after a count of absentee and affidavit ballots.With more than 130,000 votes now recorded, Mr. Brooks had a razor-thin lead of41 votes, according to David J. Gugerty, the Democratic commissioner ofelections in Nassau County, which makes up the bulk of the district.Mr. Brooks issued a statement announcing himself "humbled and honored," thoughstate Republican officials did not concede, noting that the validity of 1,000 orso uncounted ballots was being challenged by both sides."There are still more than a thousand ballots to be examined beginning next weekunder the supervision of a judge," Scott Reif, a spokesman for the SenateRepublicans, said. "Despite an effort by the Democrats to shut this downprematurely, this race is far from over."Still, Senator Andrea Stewart-Cousins, who leads the Senate Democrats, wasconfident enough that Mr. Brooks had won to call on Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, aDemocrat, "to step up and unify the members of his party."With a victory, Democrats would have a numeric majority in the 63-seat Senate,though Republicans, led by John J. Flanagan of Long Island, have been clingingto power by dint of the continuing defection of Simcha Felder, a Democrat fromBrooklyn who sits and votes with the Republicans."Once again, a majority of our state senators in New York are Democrats, and forsome reason there is the mind-boggling question about who controls the Senate,"Ms. Stewart-Cousins said. "At this critical juncture in our nation's history, itis more important than ever that Democrats stick together to hold the lineagainst expected draconian efforts out of Washington to roll back and preventprogressive achievements."Ms. Stewart-Cousins's remarks were echoed by good government and liberal groups,including the Working Families Party, which has had a fraught relationship withthe governor. Bill Lipton, the party's state director, said that Mr. Cuomoshould take the lead in turning the Senate Democratic and in offering "a clearprogressive alternative.""If the governor wants to help lead the national opposition to Trump," Mr.Lipton said, "he can start in his own backyard."Mr. Cuomo's office said on Wednesday that it was monitoring the vote count inthe Eighth District.The state Republicans cheered when Mr. Venditto jumped to an early lead of some400 votes as the count began. In recent days, however, ballots have been countedin more heavily Democratic areas, giving Mr. Brooks's an advantage.The counting has also led to some unsavory accusations on both sides. Mr. Reif,the Senate Republican spokesman, said on Wednesday that Democratic lawyersmonitoring the count at the Nassau County Board of Elections were discriminatingagainst older, infirm Republicans by challenging their ballots."Democrats are objecting to permanently disabled elderly Republican voters,claiming their signatures don't match what is in the books," Mr. Reif said."This is a new low."Democrats denied that claim, and leveled an accusation of their own: thatlawyers working on behalf of Mr. Venditto had been purposely challenging ballotscoming out of heavily black and Latino parts of the district, owing to thosegroups' traditional support of Democratic candidates.Mike Murphy, a Democratic spokesman, said the objections were "for almost noreason, except that they are in minority areas." About two-thirds of theobjections came from Republicans, suggesting that Democrats were more confidentabout their chances of maintaining a lead in the race."Our objections are legitimate and real," Mr. Reif said, "and are of much higherquality than the Democrats."Despite such disputes, the impact of a win for Mr. Brooks was unclear, in largepart because of Mr. Felder, who represents a district that is heavily OrthodoxJewish and who confirmed last week that he would continue to conference with theRepublicans.Also complicating the math is the seven-member Independent DemocraticConference, led by Senator Jeffrey D. Klein of the Bronx and Westchester County,who has been working in what he calls a "bipartisan coalition" with Republicansfor the past four years. That coalition has repeatedly said it would remainseparate from the rest of the elected Democratic senators led by Ms.Stewart-Cousins, who were disappointed by their performance in November.With Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential candidate, winning the stateeasily, Ms. Stewart-Cousins and others in her party had hoped to win enoughseats to secure a solid Senate majority. (The State Assembly is dominated byDemocrats.) But New York Republicans, who saw Mr. Trump win handily in rural andsome suburban areas, actually gained a seat, winning in Buffalo.The race in the Eighth District was an outlier: It had long been thought to be alock for Mr. Venditto, as the district has typically voted Republican. But inOctober, Mr. Venditto's father, John, the town supervisor of Oyster Bay, wasarrested on federal corruption charges that also swept up a fellow Republican,Edward P. Mangano, the Nassau County executive.Jay Jacobs, the Nassau County Democratic chairman, said he was confident thatMr. Brooks had enough votes to clinch the Eighth District seat, despite pendingchallenges, including 727 from Republicans and 346 from Democrats."Right now our team is projecting a Brooks win by more than 300," Mr. Jacobssaid. "Then again, we projected helping Hillary out on her transition."PHOTOS: State Senator Michael Venditto, far left, a Republican, has not concededto John Brooks, a Democrat, who held a 41-vote lead on Wednesday. (PHOTOGRAPHSBY NATHANIEL BROOKS FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES; JAMES ESCHER/NEWSDAY)