Coal country, with its shuttered power plants and mines, helped pushPennsylvania - and the presidency - into Donald Trump's hands earlier thismonth.Mr. Trump's campaign message to "bring back" jobs to economically depressedregions of the state resonated with those struggling to make ends meet.While it remains to be seen how the president-elect can revive an ailing coalindustry, Mr. Trump does have an immediate opportunity to provide some relief -and an early test to see whether he will uphold commitments to coal miners.Legislation introduced 17 months ago that would shore up retired coal miners'union pensions and health care amid a wave of coal company bankruptcies has beenstalled by Senate Republicans.The Miners Protection Act, sponsored by Sen. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., andco-sponsored by Pennsylvania Democrat Bob Casey, would redirect excess fundsfrom the federal Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund - a pot of money collected fromcoal companies to fund mine restoration projects.The money would prop up United Mine Workers of America pension funds, relied onby more than 89,000 miners nationwide, including 13,000 miners in Pennsylvania.The move would honor a promise by the federal government dating to the Trumanadministration to guarantee UMWA retirement funds.The UMWA has said the fund risks insolvency as soon as next year amid widespreadlayoffs and companies' attempts to shed pension liabilities in bankruptcyproceedings.On Tuesday, Mr. Casey sent a letter to Mr. Trump, calling for thepresident-elect to support the bill. In the letter, joined by Sen. Ron Wyden,D-Ore., Mr. Casey wrote it was "unconscionable" for Republican leaders torefuse, for more than a year, to bring it up for a vote."Action cannot wait, nor does it need to," Mr. Casey wrote. "The pension fundthat our miners, their widows and families rely on for basic necessities, willbe at risk of insolvency at the beginning of next year."He told Mr. Trump there are two remaining large pieces of legislation to whichRepublican leaders could attach the miners bill: the 21st Century Cures Act, ahealth care bill, and a temporary appropriations bill that is expected to pass.Mr. Trump, three weeks after his surprise victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton,is still deciding on Cabinet picks and policy stances that will define his timein office. But his support for the struggling coal miner is one of the clearestpledges he made, and Mr. Trump performed better with voters across southwesternPennsylvania than other recent Republican presidential candidates.Republicans are hesitant to support a measure that would appear to givepreference to union workers or be seen as approving a taxpayer-funded bailout,Sen. Shelley Moore Capito, R-W.Va., said in September during a panel discussionon the issue in Washington, D.C.Still, she said at the time, she had "pretty good assurances" from SenateMajority Leader Mitch McConnell that the bill would be considered this year. Ofthe bill's 18 co-sponsors, eight are Republicans.Pennsylvania Republican Pat Toomey, who won re-election this month, withheldsupport for the miners' act more than a year before deciding in September toback the measure.A spokesperson for Mr. Toomey did not immediately respond to a comment on wherethe bill stands. During a panel discussion with Ms. Capito, Mr. Manchin hadharsh words for obstructors of the bill."If we can't fulfill this commitment to people who basically built this country,then shame on all of us," he said. "I don't know how any of us can go and facepeople who are losing everything."LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHNOTES: Daniel Moore: dmoore@post-gazette.comGRAPHIC: PHOTO: Andrew Rush/Post-Gazette: Thousands of mine workers andsupporters march down E Roy Furman Highway in Waynesburg for a rally by theUnited Mine Workers of America on April 1.PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper