Nov. 29--It is hardly surprising that a candidate whose path to the presidencybroke all the rules is running a transition that is upending common sense.Even the biggest Donald Trump supporters have to be taken aback to learn thatthe man they chose to be president is too busy to take in intelligencebriefings. Meanwhile, Trump does have time to take to Twitter. Earlier thismonth, he fired off tweets about Hamilton, the Broadway musical, and about hisportrayal on Saturday Night Live (not funny, Trump says!).Over the weekend, his Twitter activity escalated to a series of unfounded tweetsabout voter fraud -- this, from the man who actually won the election, if notthe popular vote.One theory is that Trump takes over Twitter to hide real news. For example, whenhe began complaining about the cast of Hamilton asking Vice President-elect MikePence to honor diversity, Trump had just settled a lawsuit in connection withhis so-called university. By turning over $25 million to plaintiffs, Trump saidhe was avoiding distraction. The news about his Hamilton tweets ("Our wonderfulfuture V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast ofHamilton, cameras blazing. This should not happen!") overshadowed the realitythat the future president was settling a fraud trial, giving money to people whobasically accused him of cheating them.The election tweets came Sunday just as Green Party candidate Jill Stein wasputting in motion recounts in states that Trump carried by a narrow margin. Shesuccessfully petitioned for a recount in Wisconsin and says she will seek themin Michigan and Pennsylvania.The Clinton campaign doesn't expect the outcome to change but plans to be onhand to protect their candidate's interest. Trump appeared furious and took toTwitter to vent, saying, "In addition to winning the Electoral College in alandslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who votedillegally."Both those statements are untrue. Trump did not win in an Electoral Collegelandslide. Even after adding Michigan, the last state to be called, Trump had306 electoral votes, well over the 270 needed to clinch the presidency but shortof President Barack Obama's margins of 332 in 2012 and 365 in 2008. The flat-outwhopper, though, is the unfounded claim that millions of people voted illegally.That's not true, and Trump knows it. Yet once again, he came forth with chargesthat are then repeated, shoving real news off the front pages.Pay attention, then, not to the Twitter storm but to the serious business. Thereare unanswered questions about the election and the role played by Russianhackers, if any. Much of the noise about phantom voter fraud misses the point.Did a foreign government influence the American election? Is anyone in powertrying to find the answer to that question? Are there discrepancies in statevote totals that do suggest fraud? Computer experts say the results do not addup. Recounts and audits will help find some answers, at least to questions aboutvoting.Meanwhile, the transition continues, with the guy who won calling into questionthe results -- and that's just about a perfect ending for this outrageouselection year.___ (c)2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe NewMexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by TribuneContent Agency, LLC.