Election Day dawned with two flawed presidential candidates topping our ballots,both of whom had disqualified themselves, in his or her own way. While we may beshocked at which poor nominee won, no one should be surprised that we now have adubious president-elect.For Democrats and liberals now wandering in the political desert, there islittle to look forward to for two years at least.Conversely, Republicans and conservatives - even those harboring grave concernsabout Mr. Trump - see breath-taking opportunities. To make the most of theseopportunities, Republicans must also recognize their historic win bringschallenging responsibilities.First among the opportunities is the Supreme Court. Republicans can ensure aconservative majority for the next four years, and maybe much longer dependingon the stamina and lifelines of older justices.Hillary Clinton promised to name justices who would "represent" and "stand up"for one cause or another. Unfortunately, that is not the job of the SupremeCourt. Its role is to stand up for the Constitution. Representation is the workof the elected branches of government.Republicans can also nullify many Barack Obama initiatives. The easiest will bethe manifold, often suffocating executive orders, presidential memoranda andregulations promulgated by the out-going administration.President Obama's "pen-and-phone" governance was akin to building houses out ofstraw or sticks - all are easily blown down by the big, bad wolf.Repealing or reforming Obamacare will be much more complicated.  This is whereRepublican responsibility starts to become evident. Managing and financing thehigh cost of health care will challenge us for decades to come. The programneeds to be overhauled or replaced, but in ways that avoid whipsawing theAmerican people yet again.And in ways that are enduring, which will necessitate bipartisan support.Democrats who like to blame Republicans for the partisan animosity in Washingtonconveniently forget Obama's famous 2009 response to then-House Majority Leader,Republican Eric Cantor, who was arguing for bipartisan ideas: "Eric, I won."This dismissive modus operandi doomed Obama's administration. Obamacare passedwithout one Republican vote and without a single human being actually knowingwhat the 1,000-plus page law meant. So now the GOP-dominated Congress willdismantle it.Republicans must learn from Obama's mistake and engage Democrats to developapproaches to health care, economic growth, tax reform, immigration, and othercritical issues that a portion of Democrats will support. The 10 Democraticsenators up for re-election in 2018, who hail from states that Mr. Trump won,may include willing partners.Republicans also have a duty to step up and play important roles in the Trumpadministration.Many talented members of the GOP distanced themselves from Trump during thecampaign. Some of these same people, though, will need to put their personaldislikes aside to work for a better country and a better Republican Party. Cornyas it sounds, there is patriotic duty.Lastly, Republicans in Congress have a responsibility to act as a check onDonald Trump and his administration. The Constitution's checks and balances atthe national level are among the branches of government, not between politicalparties.The American pendulum has been swinging to the right for the last six years.Republicans have secured huge gains in state legislatures and governors' officesduring this time.Our state bucked this trend and most Californians were oblivious to it, whichcompounded the shock here at the resounding Republican win at the nationallevel.Republicans can't excessively celebrate their ascension. Rather they must focuson the hard work of governing and uniting.Success will be good for the country and grand for the GOP.Todd Hooper of Greenbrae is a business consultant. He was the GOP nominee forMarin's seat in the House of Representatives in 2006.