HIGHLIGHT: We need a new Christian movement.Correction AppendedAs the election retreats like a hurricane heading back out to sea, firstresponders are assessing the damage left in its wake. One casualty is thereputation of evangelicalism.Evangelicalism was closely associated with the campaign of Donald J. Trump, andmore than 80 percent of white evangelicals voted for the president-elect. This,despite large numbers of African-American, Latino, Asian, young and femaleevangelicals who were fiercely opposed to the racism, sexism and xenophobia ofMr. Trump's campaign and the hypocrisy of a candidate who built a casino empirewhile flouting morality.As a result, much of the good that went by the name "evangelicalism" has beenclouded over; now a new movement is needed to replace it.When it comes to religious identity in America, the fastest-growing group is the"nones." Nearly a quarter of all Americans, and over 35 percent of millennials,report no religious affiliation. Nones, many of whom grew up withinevangelicalism, often still affirm faith in God. They left the church becausethey gave up on evangelical leadership. Nothing sums up their objections moreclearly than evangelicals' embrace of Mr. Trump. Didn't Jesus say, "Blessed arethe meek" and "Love your enemies"?Throughout the campaign, there was dissent even within the ranks ofevangelicalism's most conservative institutions. While the old guard, like theFocus on the Family founder James Dobson, were ardent Trump supporters, thebest-selling evangelical author Max Lucado and the Southern Baptist leaderRussell Moore were both early critics. At Liberty University, the largestevangelical college in the country, thousands of students signed a petitiondenouncing the support of its president, Jerry Falwell Jr., for Mr. Trump andinsisting that they were more interested in being Christian than in beingRepublican.Andy Crouch, the executive editor of Christianity Today, criticized bothcandidates, writing that enthusiasm for Mr. Trump "gives our neighbors amplereason to doubt that we believe Jesus is Lord." He added, "They see that some ofus are so self-interested, and so self-protective, that we will ally ourselveswith someone who violates all that is sacred to us."As white male evangelists, we have no problem admitting that the future does notlie with us. It lies with groups like the National Latino Evangelical Coalition,led by Gabriel Salguero, or the Moral Monday movement, led by William Barber II,who has challenged the news media on its narrow portrayal of evangelicals. Fordecades, we have worked within evangelicalism to lift up the voices of these"other evangelicals."But we cannot continue to allow sisters and brothers who are leading God'smovement to be considered "other." We are not confident that evangelicalism is acommunity in which younger, nonwhite voices can flourish. And we are not willingto let our faith be the collateral damage of evangelicalism.We want to be clear: We are not suggesting a new kind of Christianity thatsimply backs the Democratic Party. Jesus is neither a Democrat nor a Republican- even if, as William Sloane Coffin Jr. once said, his heart leans left. Manyfaithful Christians did not vote for Hillary Clinton because of their commitmentto a consistent pro-life agenda. True faith can never pledge allegiance toanything less than Jesus.But Jesus-centered faith needs a new name. Christians have retired outdatedlabels before. During the late 19th century, when scientific rationalism fueledthe questioning of Scripture, "fundamentalism" arose as an intelligent defenseof Christianity. By the 1930s, however, fundamentalism was seen asanti-intellectual and judgmental. It was then that the term "evangelicalism" wasput forward by Christianity Today's first editor, Carl F. H. Henry, as a newbanner under which a broad coalition of Jesus followers could unite.But beginning with the culture wars of the 1980s, the religious right made aconcerted effort to align evangelicalism with the Republican Party. By themid-'90s, the word had lost its positive connotations with many Americans. Theycame to see Christians - and evangelicals in particular - as anti-women,anti-gay, anti-environment and anti-immigrant and as the champions of guns andwar.Mr. Trump did not create these contradictions, but his victory has pulled theroof off the building we once called home. It's time to build a new home.Next year marks the 500th anniversary of the beginning of the Reformation, oneof the most significant moments in the history of Christianity. The reformerswere navigating many of the same currents and contradictions that we face today.Perhaps we need a new reformation - one that invites Christians to return to theteachings of Jesus and offers our neighbors a truer vision of how he lived andmoved in the world.The words of Jesus - which are printed in red in many Bibles - could not be morerelevant today. Despite the terrible things done in the name of Jesus, aChristianity that stays true to his words has survived for 2,000 years. Maybethis is a moment in our history for evangelicals to repent and be "born again"again as Red Letter Christians.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion),and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.Tony Campolo (@TonyCampolo), a spiritual adviser to former President BillClinton, is a professor emeritus at Eastern University. Shane Claiborne(@ShaneClaiborne) is the president of Red Letter Christians.Correction: December 2, 2016, FridayThis article has been revised to reflect the following correction: An Op-Edessay on Wednesday about the future of the evangelical movement after DonaldTrump's election included an outdated affiliation for a Trump supporter, JamesDobson, the founder of Focus on the Family. He left the organization in 2010.