ABuzzFeed analysis   last week concluded that fake news stories about theelection generated more engagement on Facebook than the top election storiesfrom 19 major news outlets - combined.And that's not the half of it.Not only is fake news getting more attention than actual news, but also theleading purveyor of fake news in the United States is now the president-elect.For 17 months, Donald Trump treated the nation to a series of outlandishpromises. He'll eliminate the $19 trillion federal debt in eight years. He'llbalance the budget without cutting Social Security, Medicare and otherentitlements. He'll bring back lost coal jobs. He'll make Mexico pay for aborder wall. He'll deport 12 million illegal immigrants while growing theeconomy by at least 6 percent.Now Trump is the president-elect, and it's time to deliver on the impossible. Nowonder his transition is racked with chaos and infighting. Scripture tells usyou can't serve both God and mammon. Yet Trump proposes to be served by bothReince Priebus and Stephen K.  Bannon - a chief of staff who is a paragon of theestablishment and a top adviser who is a leading voice for white supremacists.The array of impossible promises and false claims has all the appearances of aPonzi scheme, with the $18 trillion U.S. economy in the balance. Bernie Madoff'sscheme lost only $50 billion.Early indications are that Trump plans to continue to fake it. On Thursdaynight, he tweeted that as a result of his work with Ford, the automaker wouldkeep a plant that makes Lincoln SUVs "in Kentucky - no [sic] Mexico."But Ford had never planned to close the Kentucky plant. It was merely planningto make more Ford Escapes instead of Lincolns there - a change that would haveresulted in no job losses. Ford is proceeding with its previously announced planto build a new factory in Mexico.We see the Ponzi scheme unraveling in the substance of what Trump is proposing,too. One of Trump's surrogates, Carl Higbie, caused a furor  last week by sayingthe infamous internment of U.S. citizens and noncitizens of Japanese descentduring World War II provided a legal "precedent" for Trump's plan to create aMuslim registry. But for all the outrage Higbie caused, the actual policy beingfloated - reinstatement of a George W. Bush-era policy - is far more modest thanTrump's proposed ban on Muslim immigration and threat to register AmericanMuslims.This is the best-case scenario - that Trump's fake-news presidential campaignreally was all a con. Preposterous promises give way to modest proposals. Thiswould disappoint his supporters, but perhaps save the country.Trump's vow that Carrier would reverse its plans to move a factory to Mexico andeliminate 1,400 U.S. jobs by 2019? Carrier is continuing with its plans.Trump's promise to negotiate the release of all American prisoners in Iranbefore taking office? He'd better hurry: Iran continues to apprehend andimprison American dual nationals.Trump's bold threats to appoint a "killer" ambassador to Japan and to forceJapan to pay for U.S. military protection? Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe,after visiting Trump on Thursday, thinks otherwise; he said he has "greatconfidence" in Trump.Many of Trump's absurd promises will come due soon. Trump spoke of abolishingthe Education Department and the Environmental Protection Agency, said he wouldrebuild American roads for one-third the current price, monitor mosques,prosecute Hillary Clinton and never take a vacation. He said he would spend nomoney on space exploration before infrastructure is repaired, would "bomb thes--- out of" the Islamic State, kill the relatives of terrorists, shut downparts of the Internet, reinstate waterboarding, dramatically increase tariffs,eliminate Wall Street reforms, cut the budget 20 percent and end birthrightcitizenship.No surprise that the transition is chaotic. Lobbyists are in, then out. ChrisChristie and Mike Rogers are in, then out. Frank Gaffney is in, or perhaps not.Jared Kushner is settling personal vendettas. Eliot Cohen withdraws hiscooperation, predicting "ugly" things ahead.And Trump says everything is proceeding "so smoothly."The British are fuming because at least nine foreign leaders, including Egypt's,reached Trump before theirs. Trump plays cat-and-mouse with the national presscorps and continues to tweet like an Internet troll, complete with bad spelling.His advisers give contradictory accounts about personnel decisions. Qualifiedcandidates are rejected in favor of loyalists. His choice for national securityadviser is aligned with Vladimir Putin.You can't make this stuff up. Or maybe you can. Paul Horner, the leadingpurveyor of fake news on Facebook, told The Post's Caitlin Dewey he was stunnedby Americans' gullibility: "I mean, that's how Trump got elected. He just saidwhatever he wanted, and people believed everything."But surely you can't fool all the people all the time.Twitter: @Milbank