http://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/ECON03_fed_112316_adobe.jpgFederal Reserve officials saw a strengthening case to raise interest rates asthe labor market tightened, with some saying a hike should happen in December,according to minutes of their November gathering released Wednesday inWashington."Some participants noted that recent committee communications were consistentwith an increase in the target range for the federal funds rate in the near termor argued that to preserve credibility, such an increase should occur at thenext meeting," the record of the Federal Open Market Committee meeting showed.Many officials said a rate rise could be appropriate "relatively soon," datapermitting, it said.Fed officials will hold their final meeting of the year on Dec. 13-14.Uncertainties surrounding what economic policies President-elect Donald Trumpwill pursue haven't shaken expectations that officials will raise rates nextmonth for the first time in a year. Investors see a 100 percent probability of amove, according to pricing in federal funds futures contracts.The minutes showed diverse views on the amount of labor-market slack and therisks surrounding their 2 percent inflation goal.The November minutes also showed officials emphasized that near-term changes inthe benchmark borrowing cost would be dependent on economic data, with theexpectation that "only gradual increases" would be warranted. FOMC members notedthat labor market conditions had improved "appreciably.""It was noted that allowing the unemployment rate to modestly undershoot itslonger-run normal level could foster the return of inflation to the FOMC's 2percent objective over the medium term," the minutes said.Stronger EconomySince officials last met Nov. 1-2, the week before the U.S. presidentialelection, they've seen strength in domestic consumption with retail sales inSeptember and October showing the biggest back-to-back gains since 2014, and newrecords in stock indices, boosting household wealth. U.S. central bankers haveheld the federal funds rate target range at 0.25 percent to 0.5 percent sinceDecember. Two officials dissented earlier this month in favor of higher rates.The unemployment rate last month stood at 4.9 percent, only slightly above Fedofficials' median estimate of full employment. Core inflation measures are justbelow the Fed's 2 percent target. The personal consumption expenditures priceindex, minus food and energy, rose 1.7 percent in the 12 months throughSeptember.'Good Progress'At the same time, rates on a 30-year mortgage have jumped to 3.94 percent versus3.54 percent at the start of the month, and the dollar is 4 percent strongeragainst major currencies, according to the Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index, possiblymaking U.S. exports less competitive.Fed Chair Janet Yellen told the Joint Economic Committee of Congress on Nov. 17that the economy "is making very good progress" toward the central bank's goals,and "the judgment the committee reached in November still pertains."At the November meeting, Fed officials discussed the longer-term operatingframework for monetary policy, concluding that the matter warranted furtherdiscussion, the minutes showed."A number of policy makers stated that they continue to view expansion of thebalance sheet through large-scale asset purchases as an important tool toprovide macroeconomic stimulus" when interest rates are stuck at zero, theminutes showed. "Most participants did not indicate support for using thebalance sheet as an active tool in other situations or for other purposes."The minutes noted that Yellen said the Fed would "proceed cautiously" andcommunicate in advance any changes to its operations.