SOME OF the people can be fooled all of the time, and some seem plenty pleasedabout it when it gives them license to exercise their most malicious impulses.How else to explain the noxious torrent of vitriol, venom and threats trainedrecently against a popular   upper Northwest   Washington   pizzeria, which hasbeen the subject of ludicrous conspiracy theories alleging   that   it is thecenter of a child  -  abuse racket run by Hillary Clinton and her campaignchairman, John Podesta?The allegations against Comet Ping Pong, reported by the New York Times, areabsurd on their face and detached from any gossamer thread of fact. They tookroot in the dark crevices of the Web and took flight thanks to social mediaplatforms, whose witless "who, us?" posture in the face of misinformation andoutright lunacy is a civic embarrassment.More than that, the use of social media as a platform for outright lies aboutpublic figures and, in this case, malevolent rumors about a pleasantneighborhood restaurant popular with families is a menace to private lives,peace and prosperity. In response to the firestorm of anonymous death threatsand warnings directed at Comet's owner, James Alefantis, and some of hisemployees, D.C. police have had to deploy officers to keep an eye on therestaurant.Fake and unfounded "news" articles suggesting that Comet's backrooms, heretoforeknown for a couple of ping-pong tables and a play area for kids, were the sceneof trafficked and molested children have appeared on Facebook, as well as onwebsites serving as platforms for scurrilous disinformation and fantasyconspiracies.So what if Mr. Alefantis has never met Ms. Clinton and neither traffics norabuses children? Social media, a neutral host body for parasitical insanity,have turned their algorithmic gaze upon him. The culprits include Facebook,Twitter, YouTube, Reddit and other platforms that have done too little tosafeguard their sites from deception and fraud. (Reddit belatedly shut down amessage board devoted to "pizzagate.")Like 93 percent of Washingtonians, the restaurateur happened to support Ms.Clinton for president; he has some prominent Democratic friends, past andpresent. Mr. Alefantis's name surfaced in leaked email from Mr. Podesta'saccount, published by WikiLeaks, in which the two men discussed holding aClinton fundraiser. As far as anyone knows, there is no more logic than that asto why Mr. Alefantis and his restaurant became targets.The First Amendment is a bulwark of democracy but provides no protection fordefamatory allegations published in knowing disregard for the truth. Mr.Alefantis is more than entitled to sue for defamation and libel, if he can findthe purveyors of the garbage heaved his way.A separate question is whether criminal charges may arise from some of thethreats that have been leveled at the restaurant and its owner, online and byphone. Mischief may stray into the province of criminality if it incitesviolence.