TRIP GABRIELand DAVID E. SANGERNew York TimesHillary Clinton's lead in the popular vote is growing. She is roughly 30,000votes behind Donald Trump in the key swing states of Michigan and Wisconsin - acombined gap that is narrowing. Her impassioned supporters are now urging her tochallenge the results in those two states and Pennsylvania, grasping at the laststraws to reverse Trump's decisive majority in the Electoral College.In recent days, they have seized on a report by a respected computer scientistand other experts suggesting that Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, the keysto Trump's Electoral College victory, need to manually review paper ballots toassure the election was not hacked."Were this year's deviations from pre-election polls the results of acyberattack?" J. Alex Halderman, a computer science professor at the Universityof Michigan who has studied the vulnerabilities of election systems at length,wrote on Medium on Wednesday as the calls based on his conclusions mounted."Probably not."More likely, he wrote, pre-election polls were "systematically wrong." But theonly way to resolve the lingering questions would be to examine "paper ballotsand voting equipment in critical states," he wrote.Tellingly, the pleas for recounts have gained no support from the Clintoncampaign, which has concluded, along with outside experts, that it is highlyunlikely the outcome would change even after an expensive and time-consumingreview of ballots.But that has not quieted Clinton's supporters, who see the inequity of hergrowing lead in the national popular vote, which is now more than 2 millionvotes, or 1.5 percent of all ballots cast, according to the nonpartisan CookPolitical Report, which regularly updates its count as states continue to tallyand to certify votes.Since there is currently no effort to review the paper ballots - which exist inMichigan and Wisconsin, but only in parts of Pennsylvania - conspiracy theoriesabout the 2016 election may live on for years. After U.S. intelligence agenciesaccused Russia of trying to influence the election by stealing and publishingemails from the Democratic National Committee and a range of other institutionsand prominent individuals, the United States went on high alert to determine ifthere was any attempt to sabotage the vote count. So far, no one in the Obamaadministration has indicated that there is any such evidence.In the three battleground states, Clinton is behind by 1.2 percent or less, andthe final results have not yet been certified. Uniting around the social mediahashtag #AuditTheVote, the campaign-after-the- campaign has picked up momentumamong activists still mourning Trump's victory and who echo, paradoxically, hispre-election complaint that the vote was "rigged."That view spread quickly on social media on Tuesday evening when New Yorkmagazine published an article about Halderman and others who had contacted theremnants of the Clinton campaign. It also generated pushback by experts who saidthat even though it was theoretically possible to hack voting machines, it wouldbe enormously difficult - because it would have to be highly targeted in keyprecincts and conducted on a scale required to assure Trump's victory."Left-wing conspiracy theories of vote rigging" are "pathetic," Dave Wassermanof the Cook Political Report said on Twitter.Time may have already run out. Pennsylvania allows individual voters to petitionfor a recount, but the deadline was Sunday, said Wanda Murren, a spokeswoman forthe Pennsylvania Department of State. A candidate can also contest an electionin court, and the deadline is Monday.Michigan and Wisconsin have not reached their deadlines for seeking a recount,but they will in days. So far, Clinton has not requested any action, said ReidMagney, a spokesman for the Wisconsin Elections Commission. Clinton would haveto triumph in all three states to win the Electoral College. The electors willmeet in December to formally choose the president. And there, Trump is ahead by290 votes to Clinton's 232, with Michigan still officially uncalled.As of Wednesday, Trump's lead in Michigan had shrunk to 10,704 votes, or 0.2percent, according to the National Popular Vote Tracker maintained by the CookPolitical Report.Trump's lead in Wisconsin has narrowed to 22,525 votes, or 0.8 percent. InPennsylvania, his lead slightly grew on Wednesday, to 70,010, or 1.2 percent.The Clinton campaign did not respond to requests for comment. Other Democratssaid it was time to move on."I'm not sure it's possible to undo the results, and all the people are focusingtheir energy on opposing the worst ideas of this administration at this point,not the legitimacy of the results," said Daniel Doubet, an organizer forKeystone Progress, a liberal group in Pennsylvania.Those pushing for a recount say they are trying to pick up the fight for a tiredand demoralized candidate and her staff."The Democratic Party and the Hillary campaign are exhausted, and they're reallyhurting, and they may not have the clarity," said Zuckerman-Parker, who brieflyvolunteered for the Clinton campaign.By poring over local election results online, the Audit the Vote crowd uncoveredwhat appeared to be anomalies in the counting. Helen Manich of National Harbor,Maryland, for one, noticed that Sauk County, Wisconsin, reported that 31,838ballots were cast overall, but the total votes for presidential candidatesnumbered 34,323.Such glitches are not uncommon, election experts said. They are usually ironedout in the process of certifying results. Although those certifications mightchange the results by several hundred or several thousand votes, they are highlyunlikely to move tens of thousands.LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHPUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper