HIGHLIGHT: williamson thursday columnSome say Mitt Romney has abandoned his pride by his willingness to accept aCabinet post under a president he repeatedly and quite rightly reviled as a conman and a fraud.For Romney, though, his readiness to serve under Donald Trump is all about pride- in his country.It may sound hokey in this self-involved Tumultuous Time of Trump, but those whoknow our former governor say he has long felt a tremendous sense of duty to hiscountry, and we desperately need such mature fealty after electing a man-childto lead the free world.I hope Trump appoints Romney as secretary of state. He'd be lucky to have him.In the past, I would have predicted there's no way the man dubbedTrumplethinskin could look past Romney's scathing assessment of his character,which, after saving the 2002 Olympics, was one of Mitt's finest public moments.But I have underestimated Trump in the past, and maybe he realizes or can beconvinced that he's so far out of his depth that he needs a smart, steady leaderat the helm of the state department. At the least, it would give Trump more timeto tweet and misinform the nation he purports to lead.But Mitt has been taking it on his Dudley Do-Right chin since indicating he'dput his considerable differences with Trump aside. A lot of people on socialmedia contend he's selling his soul, that he's spineless and desperate forpower. In conservative circles, Newt Gingrich and Mike Huckabee are critical ofthe prospect of Romney's appointment. Most famously, Trump aide KellyanneConway, who should know a bit about soul selling, has publicly piled on Romneyand claimed his appointment would be a betrayal to the GOP."I'm all for party unity, but I'm not sure we have to pay for that with thesecretary of state position," Conway told CNN's Dana Bash on "State of theUnion" on Sunday. "I'm hearing from people who say, 'Hey, my parents diedpenniless but I gave $216 to Donald Trump's campaign and I would feel betrayed(if Romney is nominated).'"Conway's crusade has raised eyebrows. Is she Trump's surrogate? Is she goingrogue? Has she never forgiven Romney for strapping his dog to the roof of hiscar? Remember the good old days, when that was the worst thing a presidentialcandidate could do?Meanwhile, let's give Romney a break and consider he would serve for the best ofreasons under a man he doesn't respect and likely even loathes. That he'd holdhis patrician nose because he believes he could help. Rather than call him apansy, I'd call that patriotic.SEE williamson,  B2Granted, Romney really gave it to Trump more than once. But Trump has theopportunity now to show he can overlook a personal grudge for the health of thecountry. After all, Trump could easily have offered grudge-holding classes athis bogus former university; appointing Romney could create the perception,badly needed, that our president-elect is magnanimous. He's not, of course, butperception still matters.Many of my Facebook friends are skeptical that Romney is a serious candidate,and suspect that his posh dinner with Trump of frog legs and "young" garlic soup- as opposed to aging garlic soup? - was simply more theater designed tohumiliate Romney in the end."It's the classic 'Lucy with the football' move," wrote Jewel BradstreetHeldman. "Watch out, Charlie Brown!"Speaking of cartoon characters, one of Romney's rivals for the job is Trumployalist Rudy Giuliani, who has morphed before America's eyes from the competentmayor of New York City to a man in dire need of horse-tranquilizer-size doses ofProzac. The two candidates couldn't be more different. One is dignified; theother seems almost demented. Where Romney is a statesman, Giuliani is ascrewball. Consider his odious remarks about President Barack Obama last year:"I do not believe that the president loves America. He doesn't love you. And hedoesn't love me. He wasn't brought up the way you were brought up and I wasbrought up through love of this country."To saddle Americans with a man so unhinged would be unconscionable. Seriously -haven't we suffered enough? How many right-wing unhinged public officials are weexpected to tolerate in a single election cycle?Tuesday night, after his dinner with Trump, Romney praised the president-electand said he was "impressed" with his acceptance speech and transition moves."All of those things combined gives me increasing hope that President-electTrump is the very man who can lead us to that better future," Romney said.OK, so maybe he was laying it on a bit thick. Romney's a politician and thus notimmune to offering false praise if it suits his purpose, which in the real worldis known as "lying to get one's way."But if anyone can tame Trump - and that's a big if - it may be Mitt Romney. He'dalso instill some civility and gravitas to a country in desperate need of both.If he had to sing for his supper and play an unfamiliar role, we may havecringed but we hope he gets the part.From Page B1