uncertainty over president-electAny vacuum could push fighters toward al-QaedaThree years after the CIA began secretly shipping lethal aid to rebels fightingagainst Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, battlefield losses and fears that aDonald Trump administration will abandon them have left tens of thousands ofopposition fighters weighing their alternatives.Among the options, say U.S. officials, regional experts and the rebelsthemselves, are a closer alliance with better-armed al-Qaeda and other extremistgroups, receipt of more sophisticated weaponry from Sunni states in the PersianGulf region opposed to a U.S. pullback, and adoption of more traditionalguerrilla tactics, including sniper and other small-scale attacks on both Syrianand Russian targets.Just over a year ago, the opposition held significant territory inside Syria.Since then, in the absence of effective international pushback, Russian andSyrian airstrikes have relentlessly bombarded their positions and the civiliansalongside them. On the ground, Syrian government troops - bolstered by Iran,Lebanon's Hezbollah, and Shiite militia forces from Iraq - have retaken much ofthat ground.In brutal attacks over the past three weeks, they have been driven out of muchof the eastern Aleppo stronghold that they have occupied since 2012.Trump has made clear that his priority in Syria is the separate fight againstthe Islamic State, ideally in cooperation with Russia and the Syrian government,as well as other allies. While still vague about his plans, the president-electhas rejected the Obama administration's view that ending the civil war andbringing Assad to the negotiating table are ultimately key to victory over theIslamic militants, and indicated he will curtail support for the opposition.Trump has repeatedly dismissed the rebels, saying, "We have no idea who thesepeople are.""My attitude was you're fighting Syria, Syria is fighting ISIS, and you have toget rid of ISIS," he told the Wall Street Journal last month, using another namefor the Islamic State.Assad, in an interview the week after Trump's election, called the United Statesa "natural" counterterrorism ally. He has long labeled the opposition asterrorists equal to the Islamic State.The possibility of cutting loose opposition groups it has vetted, trained andarmed would be a jolt to a CIA already unsettled by the low opinion of U.S.intelligence capabilities that Trump had expressed during his presidentialcampaign.From a slow and disorganized start, the opposition "accomplished many of thegoals the U.S. hoped for," including their development into a credible fightingforce that showed signs of pressuring Assad into negotiations, had Russia notbegun bombing and Iran stepped up its presence on the ground, said one ofseveral U.S. officials who discussed the situation on the condition of anonymitybecause they were not authorized to speak publicly.The United States estimates that there are 50,000 or more fighters it calls"moderate opposition," concentrated in the northwest province of Idlib, inAleppo and in smaller pockets throughout western and southern Syria, and thatthey are not likely to give up."They've been fighting for years, and they've managed to survive," the U.S.official said. "Their opposition to Assad is not going to fade away."Although their fortunes were boosted last year by U.S. and Saudi Arabia-providedTOW antitank missiles, the rebels have long complained that American assistancehas been stingy and has come with too many strings attached. Concerned that moresophisticated weapons, including portable antiaircraft missiles, would end up inthe hands of extremists, President Obama refused to send them and prevailed uponregional allies to impose similar restrictions on their own arms shipments.Now, said one U.S.-vetted rebel commander, "we are very frustrated. The UnitedStates refuses to provide weapons we need, and yet it still thinks it can tellus what to do. They promise support and then watch us drown.""America will have no influence if our comrades are forced [to retreat to]Idlib" from Aleppo, said the commander, who asked not to be identified to speakabout sensitive rebel relations with the United States.Most rebels already forced to relinquish territory have gone to Idlib, which isfast becoming a holding pen for what is left of the rebellion. The area isdominated by as many as 10,000 fighters for Jabhat al-Nusra, the al-Qaeda-linkedgroup now known as Jabhat Fatah al-Sham, and an equal number of Ahrar al-Sham,an Islamist group tied to the wider rebel movement that the United States doesnot consider terrorist.Some experts, including Trump's designated White House national securityadviser, retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, think that the growing operationalalliance between the rebels and extremist groups began long ago.Flynn argued last year that Obama's Syria strategy of first withholding, thenoffering only measured support for the opposition through a covert CIA program,effectively allowed extremist organizations to grow at rebel expense. Asked in aJuly 2015 al Jazeera interview whether there should have been stronger earlysupport for the opposition, Flynn said: "When you don't get in and helpsomebody, they're going to find other means to achieve their goals. ... Weshould have done more earlier on in this effort."At the same time, Flynn has said, the administration downplayed earlyintelligence indicating that al-Nusra and eventually the Islamic Stateorganization, which combined Islamist extremists and former Iraqi army officersleft adrift by the 2003 U.S. invasion, were growing rapidly.In a book published last summer, Flynn wrote that they are allied with those who"share their hatred of the West," including "North Korea, Russia, China, Cubaand Venezuela."But in an analysis looking forward, echoed by Trump and certain to beinfluential in the incoming White House, Flynn has also outlined a World War II-type global alliance, including both the United States and Russia, under asingle leadership, to combat what he has called "Islam's ... politicalideology."Others have noted that cutting off the opposition would not only support Russianand Syrian aims but also would benefit Iran at the perceived expense of SaudiArabia, Qatar and other regional U.S. allies who view that country as anexistential threat."There will be significant reputational costs with our allies in the region ifwe abandon support of the moderate opposition," said Rep. Adam B. Schiff(Calif.), the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee.He said the question is "whether our Gulf allies can count on us or they can't,whether the Iranians are going to be given free rein or they won't.""A lot obviously will depend on what the president-elect does, what his advisersurge him to do," Schiff said. Referring to retired Marine Gen. James Mattis,Trump's choice for defense secretary, Schiff added, "I think Gen. Mattis willhave different views ... [that] recognize the implications in terms of Iranianinfluence in the region."Disagreement over whether to take a tougher line against Russia in Syria -including direct military intervention on behalf of civilians and, indirectly,the rebels - in Aleppo and beyond has already caused deep divisions betweenObama's State Department and the reluctant Defense Department and the WhiteHouse.Secretary of State John F. Kerry has continued negotiations over a cease-fire,meeting again with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov in Rome on Friday.Talks have focused on an agreement to safely deliver humanitarian aid and toevacuate both civilians, who want to leave, and the al-Nusra forces that Russiasays are the majority of some several thousand anti-Assad fighters in theeastern part of the city. U.S. officials think the militants there number in thehundreds.But Kerry has had little leverage to persuade Moscow to change its strategy,designed to ensure a military victory for Assad.As the incoming Trump administration considers withdrawing from involvement ineither assisting or resolving the civil war, others have indicated they willmove into the anticipated vacuum.Qatar has said it will continue supporting and supplying the rebels, regardlessof what the United States decides."We want to have the U.S. with us, for sure. They have been our historic ally,"Qatar Foreign Minister Mohammed bin Abdulrahman Jassim al-Thani said last weekin an interview with Reuters in Doha. "But if they want to change their minds... we are not going to change our position."karen.deyoung@washpost.comlouisa.loveluck@washpost.comLoveluck reported from Beirut.