HIGHLIGHT: Ms. McFarland, an aide in three Republican administrations, was nameddeputy national security adviser, while Donald F. McGahn II was chosen as WhiteHouse counsel.WASHINGTON - President-elect Donald J. Trump filled two lower-profile butinfluential White House staff jobs on Friday, while his high-profile candidatefor secretary of housing and urban development, Ben Carson, continued todeliberate about whether to join the administration.Mr. Trump offered the housing job this week to Mr. Carson, a neurosurgeon whochallenged him for the Republican presidential nomination. But despiteexpectations of a Friday announcement, Mr. Carson was "still pondering," said afriend, Armstrong Williams. The president-elect's aides said Mr. Trump did notplan any more cabinet-level announcements until next week.For the politically sensitive post of White House counsel, Mr. Trump choseDonald F. McGahn II, a Washington election lawyer who pushed to deregulatecampaign finance and election laws. The counsel's job may be even more dauntingthan it was in previous administrations, given Mr. Trump's far-flung businessempire, with which he shows no inclination toward severing ties.For the equally critical job of deputy national security adviser, Mr. Trumpchose K. T. McFarland, an aide in three Republican White Houses and a Fox Newscommentator. She has been highly critical of President Obama's approach tocombating terrorism - a view that aligns her with Mr. Trump's choice fornational security adviser, Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn.In rolling out the appointments, the Trump transition team lined up testimonialsfrom big names in both parties.Former Senator Joseph I. Lieberman, regarded as a foreign policy hawk, praisedMs. McFarland, 65, as "one of our country's most experienced, informed and wiseforeign policy and national security experts." Mr. Lieberman, a ConnecticutDemocrat turned independent, was a Yale College and law school classmate of Ms.McFarland's husband, Alan R. McFarland, a well-known investment banker.Edwin Meese III, an attorney general under President Ronald Reagan, said Mr.McGahn, who was the general counsel for the Trump campaign, had "dealt ably withthe intersection between politics, government ethics and the rule of law." C.Boyden Gray, a White House counsel to the elder President George Bush, said Mr.McGahn was well suited to the job because of his "serious prior relationshipwith the president" and his "working knowledge of government ethics and electionlaw."A brash, guitar-playing conservative born in Atlantic City, Mr. McGahn learnedthe fine points of election law from a longtime Republican expert in the field,Benjamin L. Ginsberg.At the Federal Election Commission, where he served five years, including termsas chairman and vice chairman, Mr. McGahn was a powerful voice of opposition towhat he often saw as intrusive government meddling in elections. He also spentnearly a decade as the general counsel to the National Republican CongressionalCommittee.Ms. McFarland's national security experience dates to the Nixon administration,when she was an aide to Henry A. Kissinger. She was a staff member on the SenateArmed Services Committee, a speechwriter for Defense Secretary Caspar W.Weinberger, and the principal deputy assistant secretary of defense for publicaffairs.She is a familiar presence on Fox News, where she has harshly criticized Mr.Obama over his handling of the Islamic State. "The president has stuck his headin the sand," she said in September 2014 after the group had kidnapped andexecuted two American journalists."To me, it's a dereliction of duty," she added. "What was this president doing?Well, he was playing a lot of golf this summer, but he clearly was not attendingto the defense of the United States."In 2006, Ms. McFarland mounted a bid for the Republican nomination for theSenate in New York. The mayor of Yonkers, John Spencer, defeated her and went onto lose to the Democratic incumbent, Hillary Clinton. During the campaign, Ms.McFarland came under scrutiny for gilding her résumé - claiming, for example,that she had been the highest-ranking woman in the Pentagon when, in fact, twoother women outranked her.The deputy national security adviser has one of the most demanding jobs in theWest Wing, coordinating meetings of deputies and principals to formulatepolicies and organizing the vast flow of paperwork from the agencies to theWhite House."That job is the ultimate policy nuts-and-bolts and paper-pushing job," saidPeter D. Feaver, who served in the National Security Council under PresidentGeorge W. Bush. "It is all about reviewing policies, framing disagreements andteeing up decisions. It is supposed to be the place where bad ideas die, and soplaces a premium on analytical insight.""Her early work in the Reagan administration is more important than her recentwork on TV," he said of Ms. McFarland.As Mr. Trumps fills key staff positions, some of his cabinet decisions havebecome complicated. The search for a secretary of state has bogged down as rivalfactions argue for Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former New York mayor and a Trumployalist, and Mitt Romney, the former Republican presidential nominee, whostridently opposed Mr. Trump during the campaign.Among those raising questions about Mr. Giuliani is Vice President-elect MikePence, according to people in the Trump transition who spoke on the condition ofanonymity to discuss sensitive internal matters. Mr. Pence, they said, hasfavored Mr. Romney in internal discussions. Reince Priebus, whom Mr. Trump namedas chief of staff, has said positive things about Mr. Romney but has been morecircumspect, and has tried to offer perspective to Mr. Trump on both men.But other people, including Kellyanne Conway, who managed the campaign, haveraised questions about Mr. Romney's loyalty after he became one of the mostvocal critics of Mr. Trump's candidacy. Mr. Trump has remarked to people that hewas surprised by the intense resistance to Mr. Romney.Mr. Romney and Mr. Trump spoke again in recent days, according to people briefedon the deliberations, and plan to speak again early next week. But some of Mr.Romney's allies, who have no interest in seeing him apologize for criticizingMr. Trump during the campaign, say privately that his chances of being chosenare dimming.With Mr. Carson, the delay appears to be less about fissures within the Trumpcamp than within Mr. Carson himself."He's still pondering, believe it or not," Mr. Williams, his friend, said onFriday. "Dr. Carson is very methodical, just like he's going through a surgery,planning every aspect."Mr. Carson endorsed Mr. Trump after ending his own campaign. But he has appearedconflicted about joining the administration. Last week, Mr. Williams was quotedas saying his friend was reluctant to take a job for which he had no experienceand that "could cripple the presidency."Mr. Carson, however, then took to Facebook, where he has built much of hisgrass-roots political following, to say his reasons for declining a cabinet jobhad been misreported. He was on Facebook again on Wednesday, explaining hischange of heart."After serious discussions with the Trump transition team," Mr. Carson wrote, "Ifeel that I can make a significant contribution particularly to making our innercities great for everyone."Reporting was contributed by Maggie Haberman and Trip Gabriel from New York, andJeremy W. Peters and Eric Lichtblau from Washington.PHOTOS: Donald F. McGahn II, left, at Trump Tower last week, was chosen onFriday to be White House counsel. K. T. McFarland, above, debating during a 2006Senate run, was named deputy national security adviser. She has worked for threepresidents. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY SAM HODGSON FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES; ANGEL CHEVRESTT)