Incident accentuates political fissure in U.S.Mike Pence was elected vice president by a coalition of mostly white votersnostalgic for what they thought of as the good old days in America andgalvanized by promises to deport millions of undocumented immigrants.On Friday night, Pence came face-to-face with a symbol of the new America: A hitmusical called "Hamilton" that celebrates the principles of the nation'sfounding but reimagines the revolutionary period with multiracial actors playingthe statesmen and the contributions of immigrants central to the story.As he took his seat in New York's Richard Rogers Theatre, Pence heard animpassioned, sustained boo. He sat through a performance celebrating thecountry's multiculturalism. And when the show was over and he headed for theexits, the cast was not quite finished."We, sir, we are the diverse America who are alarmed and anxious that your newadministration will not protect us, our planet, our children, our parents, ordefend us and uphold our inalienable rights, sir," said Brandon Victor Dixon,the actor who played Aaron Burr, reading a statement the cast members haddrafted together."But we truly hope this show has inspired you to uphold our American values andwork on behalf of all of us. All of us," he continued.The remarkable moment crystallized the cleavage wrought by a toxic presidentialcampaign, in which millions of aggrieved white Americans propelled Donald Trumpand Pence to the White House and left millions of others - blacks and Latinos,gays and lesbians, Muslims and Jews - fearful of what might become of theircountry."It was this collision of two different Americas and two different visions andtwo different sets of experiences, happening at once, and happening in a ratherdramatic way," said Peter Wehner, a former speechwriter to President George W.Bush and a fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center.By Saturday morning, Trump decided to respond. He could have chosen to offerassurances that he would be a president for all Americans - that he wouldrespect everybody regardless of race or gender or creed.But Trump being Trump, the president-elect punched back."The Theater must always be a safe and special place," Trump tweeted. "The castof Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!"There was a certain irony to Trump's demand, considering that as a candidate herarely if ever apologized for the blizzard of insults he sprayed across thecountry."Have you ever apologized? Ever? In your lifetime? Close your eyes, think backto Baby Donald ... ," Jimmy Fallon asked Trump on NBC's "Tonight Show" inSeptember 2015."I fully think apologizing is a great thing, but you have to be wrong," Trumpreplied.He added, with a laugh, "I will absolutely apologize sometime in the hopefullydistant future, if I'm ever wrong."Trump did apologize in October for the comments he made in 2005 to "AccessHollywood" host Billy Bush bragging about having grabbed women by theirgenitals.As a candidate, Trump set off hand grenades with provocative tweets at momentsof his choosing to attract the attention of the news media.Regardless of whether this was Trump's intent Saturday morning, his shot at the"Hamilton" cast served to distract from a negative news story that broke lateFriday: The president-elect had agreed to a $25 million settlement to end thefraud cases pending against Trump University, his defunct real estate seminarprogram.Trump tweeted Saturday that he had settled the case because he had to "focus onour country.""The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the timeto go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!" Trump tweeted,although there was no clear indication whether he would have prevailed had thecase gone to trial.In many ways, "Hamilton" has become a touchstone in America's ongoing culturewars. Hillary Clinton embraced the musical - its creator, Lin-Manuel Miranda,openly supported her candidacy - and recited its lyrics in her speech acceptingthe Democratic presidential nomination.Talk about "Hamilton" is different in Trump's orbit, however. Last Thursday atTrump Tower, when a reporter asked Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) how long heintended to be in New York, Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway interjected:"Have you seen 'Hamilton'?""I have not," replied Sessions, who the next day would be announced as Trump'sattorney general nominee.Trump's handling of the Pence incident is in keeping with how he confronted pastcultural controversies and could presage how he will act in the White House.Although he is a billionaire who lives in a three-story apartment on FifthAvenue in Manhattan, he long has felt excluded and shunned by the New York andWashington elite. Trump is sensitive to perceived snubs - and has mastered theart of snapping back at criticism from coastal liberals as a means ofingratiating himself with his middle-America base.On Saturday, Trump's defenders rushed to condemn the "Hamilton" cast and voiceoutrage at perceived disrespect. His supporters started a "#BoycottHamilton"campaign on Twitter - although "Hamilton" tickets are such a hot commodity thatthe production is sold out well into next year."The arrogance and hostility of the Hamilton cast to the Vice President elect (aguest at the theater) is a reminder the left still fights," tweeted former Housespeaker Newt Gingrich, an informal Trump adviser.Gingrich went on to liken Trump to former British prime minister MargaretThatcher: "Lady Thatcher aroused the same bitter hostility because like Trumpshe was a threat to the establishment's claim to moral superiority."Presidential historian Robert Dallek said Trump's Twitter retort was a strikingact of divisiveness by an incoming president struggling to heal the nation aftera bitter election."Instead of doing what a Franklin Roosevelt or a John Kennedy or a LyndonJohnson would have done, he's exacerbating the differences by saying they owehim an apology," Dallek said. "For what? What were they asking for? They wereasking for a kind of regard for minorities. It wasn't as if they were asking himto give up the office."Said Wehner: "He's not the sole reason that the campaign was ugly and divisive,but he's the main reason it was.... And now, having won, it falls on him to bindup the wounds. Even if you feel what happened by the cast of 'Hamilton' waswrong or inappropriate or indecorous, he's the leader of the country."Although Trump won a clear majority in the electoral college, he garnered just47 percent of the popular vote - more than 1 million votes short of Clinton,with millions of votes still to be counted in primarily liberal states."I don't think Trump understands that beneath the surface of his electoralcollege victory, there's a lot of people who simply are not willing to acceptthe rhetoric of his campaign as the language of government," veteran Democraticstrategist Tad Devine said."Trump has opened Pandora's box," he added, "and we're looking for hope at thebottom."philip.rucker@washpost.com