Lena Epstein was married in early August, but she postponed her honeymoon inHawaii till December.Why the delay? She grabbed the chance to co-chair Donald Trump's Michiganpresidential campaign after a three-minute interview with the candidate in acampaign stop in Dimondale in mid-August."He asked me: 'Lena, how are we doing in the polls?' And I said, "Mr. Trump,it's too early to be worried about polls. You've got to go out and wow thiscrowd like you've done in every other state.'"A few days later, she began her career as a co-chair and "Trump surrogate" on TVand radio. "I never apologized for misstatements he made," Epstein said lastweek as she reviewed her work on the campaign. "I would just pivot to why Isupported him: to grow the economy, protect our borders and have increasedopportunities for families and children."Her straightforward responses - not excusing the bombast of the candidate or themissteps like the infamous 2005 audiotape of Trump's lewd comments aboutgrabbing women, but focusing on issues many silent voters found important - madeher a popular fixture on talk shows, including some segments that were picked upby cable networks in Europe.But there were critics, too. "I grew a thick skin pretty quickly," she said.If there is hope for creating a middle ground or at least a hint of civilitybetween Trump haters and Trump supporters, Epstein's saga may be helpful. Shebreaks the mold of what the left envisions Trump voters to be.Born to a Jewish family of staunch Democrats, Epstein and her sister Lily arethe third generation to run the family's Southfield-based Vesco Oil, adistributor of lubricant products to customers ranging from car dealers andoil-change outlets to manufacturers. The company has 200 employees and operatesin five states.A Crain's 20 in their 20s honoree in 2010, Epstein says she started questioningher political roots while an undergrad economics major at Harvard University.She went on to earn an MBA at the University of Michigan."I literally had to Google 'Republican Party' because I didn't know anyRepublicans," she said last week.She knows plenty now. Earlier this month, she spoke at Temple Beth El about thefuture of the Republican Party and how Americans - Republican and Democrat -could come together.Epstein herself bridges many political divides; she is active in Detroit,including serving on the board of the Detroit Historical Society. Her family ispart of the city's history; she's the granddaughter of the late StanleyWinkelman, whose eponymous stores were a retail staple in Detroit for decades.At a donor party for the Detroit Historical Society two days after thepresidential election, Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan teased Epstein, who has been aDuggan supporter and contributor: "I thought for months, poor Lena, she has theworst job in Michigan. Then on Wednesday morning, I thought: She's the smartestperson in Michigan."