NEW YORK - A new report suggests a "sophisticated" Russian propaganda campaignhelped flood social media with fake news stories leading up to the presidentialelection.The Washington Post, citing a yet-to-be published report from independentresearchers, said the goal was to punish Hillary Clinton, help Donald Trump andundermine faith in American democracy.The report comes from a nonpartisan group of researchers called PropOrNot. Thegroup describes itself as "concerned American citizens" with expertise incomputer science, national security and public policy. The researchers say theytraced the origins of posts and mapped the connections among accounts thatdelivered similar messages.The findings show just how effective the bogus reports and propaganda were,according to the report. PropOrNot estimates that on Facebook, stories plantedor promoted by the disinformation campaign were viewed 213 million times.While it's not clear whether fake news and propaganda helped sway the electionin Trump's favor, millions of Americans get their news from what's shared onFacebook and other social media. In recent months, fake and misleading storieshave proliferated, even as Facebook has insisted that they make up a tinyfraction of the overall stuff users share on the site. Both Facebook and Googlehave said they are taking steps to stop the spread of misinformation on theirsites.PropOrNot did not immediately respond to a message asking for the report onFriday afternoon.LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2016LANGUAGE: ENGLISHGRAPHIC:  FILE - In this Sunday, Oct. 9, 2016, file photo, Republicanpresidential nominee Donald Trump and Democratic presidential nominee HillaryClinton speak during the second presidential debate at Washington University inSt. Louis. A "sophisticated" Russian propaganda campaign helped flood socialmedia with fake news stories during the election season, according to a newreport in The Washington Post. The Post says the goal was to punish HillaryClinton, help Donald Trump, and undermine faith in American democracy. (APPhoto/John Locher, File)PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper