HIGHLIGHT: Paid family leave is an issue that has gained growing bipartisansupport, but the details could prove contentious.Among the rare areas of agreement in the aftermath of a contentious presidentialelection: Families with working parents, especially those with lower incomes,are having too hard a time.Many can no longer count on lives that look like the ones their parents led.High-paying manufacturing jobs have been disappearing, especially for men. Fewerpeople are marrying, and more children are growing up in unstable families.Parents are struggling to work while raising children.President-elect Donald J. Trump vowed to help the working class, and blue-collarwhites in particular helped propel him to victory. Although quite a feweconomists disagree with him on the merits of his prescriptions, he has saidcutting taxes, restricting immigration and renegotiating trade deals willultimately raise incomes of struggling families.Mr. Trump has said he understands the needs of working parents. "These solutionsmust update laws passed more than half a century ago when most women were stillnot in the labor force," he said in September in a speech unveiling his childcare proposals.His daughter Ivanka has pushed ideas like paid leave and seems to be taking arole in devising new policies. In a statement last week, she said she wasdistancing herself from certain aspects of her company in order to "broaden herefforts to take a stance on issues of critical importance to American women andfamilies."Which policies will Mr. Trump pursue to directly address the needs of workingand working-class families? A look at what he has said - along with the wishlists of Republicans in Congress, scholars and advisers - provides some clues.Paid Maternity LeaveA striking thing happened during the campaign: For the first time, bothRepublican and Democratic candidates made paid family leave a part of theirpolicy agenda. As recently as 2014, Hillary Clinton said of paid leave, "I don'tthink, politically, we could get it now." Now it could find bipartisan support.Mr. Trump has proposed six weeks of paid maternity leave, which he said wouldoffer "a crucial safety net for working mothers." Currently, 87 percent ofworkers get no paid family leave, and 95 percent of those in the lowest quarterof earners get none, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.Most Americans support a paid leave policy. It can ease the burdens on familieswith two working parents and increase the likelihood that parents stay in thelabor force. Still, the details could prove contentious. Should fathers also getleave, or just mothers? What about gay or adoptive parents, and people who needto care for sick children or aging relatives? And how should it be paid for?Mr. Trump's proposal would apply only to new mothers, and he said he would payfor it with savings from reducing unemployment insurance fraud, though it'sunclear how that would work.The Family Act, a Democrat-sponsored bill stalled in Congress, proposes payingfor it with a small increase in payroll taxes. Republicans have previouslyproposed giving businesses a tax credit for providing paid leave, but making itvoluntary."If he structures it in a way that it's not a burden on businesses and does notwork against women's work force participation, I think more Republicans will getbehind it," said Aparna Mathur, a resident scholar in economic policy at theAmerican Enterprise Institute.Democrats have argued that by limiting parental leave to new mothers, Mr. Trumpignores the role fathers play in raising children, exposes women todiscrimination in hiring and neglects the needs of people with ailing or elderlyfamily members."It was fantastic to see the Republicans stepping up and having this debate,"said Heather Boushey, the executive director of the Washington Center forEquitable Growth, who was the chief economist for Hillary Clinton's transitionteam. "It really spoke to how important these issues are in terms of economicpolicy. But I hope that the actual policies are really grounded more in theevidence of what works than what he's put out so far."Another policy that analysts say is important to working-class families is paidsick leave, so that workers can care for themselves or for ill family members.It's unclear whether Mr. Trump will push for it. Thirty-five percent of workersover all and 66 percent of those in the bottom quartile of income get no paidsick leave. Some Republicans have instead proposed letting certain workers -those in the private sector who are not exempt from overtime laws - substitutetime off for overtime pay.Child CareAnother Democratic dream that Mr. Trump raised on the campaign trail wasfinancial help for child care."For many families in our country, child care is now the single largest expense,even more than housing, yet very little meaningful policy work has been done inthis area," he said in September.His proposal would allow parents earning less than $250,000 individually or$500,000 jointly to deduct the average cost of child and elder care from theirincome taxes. In a nod to social conservatives, he said parents who stayed homewith children would also get the child care tax deduction."The idea here is letting the family choose how the money is spent," saidBradford Wilcox, director of the national marriage project at the University ofVirginia.For low-income families, Mr. Trump proposed child care spending rebates as partof the earned-income tax credit. He also said he would make pretax dependentcare savings accounts available to everyone, not just people whose employersoffer them, and give tax deductions to employers that offer on-site child care.Democrats have favored refundable tax credits over deductions because they saythey are more helpful to lower-income families, who might not make enough to payincome taxes. Also, credits directly reduce someone's tax bill, while deductionsreduce taxable income but not necessarily the final bill.Democrats see the ultimate goal as high-quality, universal care for youngchildren. There seems to be bipartisan support for a small step in thatdirection."What we've got there is a tremendous amount of support from women - Democrats,Republicans, independents - to move forward," said Representative MarshaBlackburn, a Republican from Tennessee.ApprenticeshipsMr. Trump has pledged to create 25 million jobs over the next decade. Analystsand policy makers on both sides of the aisle say one route toward that goal isapprenticeships.They are viewed as a way for people to acquire vocational skills while earningmoney, as opposed to attending college and building up debt. Not only would theyaddress unemployment among people without college degrees, advocates say, butthey could also lead to more stable families.The unemployment of working-class men has been a prime reason for the decline inmarriage and rise in single motherhood, researchers have found. When jobopportunities are plentiful, people are more likely to marry before having theirfirst child, Andrew Cherlin, a professor of public policy at Johns Hopkins,found in a study published in August in the American Sociological Review."It's likely if we can improve the job picture for working-class young adults,they'd have family lives that are more stable," he said.The construction industry already uses apprentices, so perhaps Mr. Trump isfamiliar with their benefits, said Robert I. Lerman, a fellow at the UrbanInstitute. They would be possible in a range of fast-growing industries, likehealth care and information technology, he said, and in white-collar jobs likehotel management. They could also be useful in putting people to work buildingthe new infrastructure that Mr. Trump has promised."People want to have earnings, they want to have dignity, they want to show thatthey've been able to master a certain profession, and that gives them a kind ofidentity," Mr. Lerman said. "It has both a social as well as an economicdimension."Though the idea has received bipartisan support, some Republicans have resistedregistered apprenticeships, which are overseen by the Labor Department, becauseof their association with unions. Some Democrats have questioned whetherapprenticeships lead to a two-tier wage system, and have focused instead onmaking college accessible to more people.Policy makers and researchers have a long list of other policy ideas for Mr.Trump that they believe could help blue-collar families. Some have historicallyappealed to Republicans, like those that encourage marriage. Others, likemandating predictable work schedules for hourly workers, have been promoted byDemocrats.With both parties fighting even more for the allegiance of the working class,there actually might be some movement on some or all of these issues.The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy andeveryday life. Follow us onFacebook andTwitter. Sign up for ournewsletter.PHOTO: Pushing a stroller in New York. Many parents are struggling to work whileraising children. (PHOTOGRAPH BY BRYAN THOMAS FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)Related Articles     ·    When Having Insurance Still Leaves You Dangerously Uncovered     ·    What Will Trump Trade Policy Actually Look Like? Three Possibilities     ·    Let's Say Obamacare Is Repealed. What Then?     ·    Trump, and Great Business Ideas for America