Most of us won't live to see another election like the Trump triumph of 2016.Having never worked for the government a day in his life, the Manhattan mogulbecame the first true outsider to win the presidency.The globalists saw their candidate of choice crushed at the top of the ticket inhistoric fashion because middle America can no longer stomach the rotten fruitof open borders and "free trade."It was blue-collar voters in the so-called Rust Belt who put Trump over the top,making him the first GOP presidential candidate in 28 years to win Pennsylvania,Michigan and Wisconsin. They also gave him GOP majorities in both houses ofcongress, something not achieved by a first-time Republican presidentialcandidate since Herbert Hoover in 1928. A class of voters likely to be foreverafter known as "Trump Democrats" gave the Party of Lincoln a mandate for anAmerica First agenda on the issues of the century: trade and immigration.Now comes the hard part for President Trump: governing. The swamp is filled withavaricious alligators, and it won't be easily drained. The top congressionalposts will still be controlled by the loyal lieutenants of the Washington Cartelwho got us into our present quagmire, including Speaker Paul Ryan and, ofcourse, Bill Shuster.The most important item on Trump's agenda is term limits, because it is thelinchpin of a lasting shift from globalism and corruption back to the economicpatriotism and civic virtue upon which our nation was built. Yet Ryan, Shusterand other "old bulls" will do everything they can to derail term limits. Theirfirst priority, unbelievably, is another $1 trillion, Obama-style "stimulus"that will increase our already enormous national debt.We Americans mustn't make the mistake of thinking our job is done with theelection of Trump. He is a dynamic leader with a bold agenda that can makeAmerica great again, but the career politicians in Congress still have theirinterests, not the country's, foremost at heart. So we must watch them like ahawk.Art Halvorson, former candidate for CongressIn for a surprise?I've been watching a news channel this afternoon, and it is so interesting towatch people being interviewed, who several weeks ago, had many negative remarksabout Donald Trump! Now, they can't say enough good about him! It's actuallyenjoyable to see them flip-flop on their former acid remarks.I hope that our country can come together, but that will never happen as we allknow. It would be nice to pull together and we should include the collegestudents who shed tears, in horror, when Donald was elected. They need to drytheir tears and get busy with their college exams and buck up!It's not the end of the world! You are living in an exciting time in your life,so please be aware of what you are doing and, after graduation, do what you canto make the world a better place. Remember your ancestors who helped to buildthis country, be proud of your heritage and deal with this historic event.This country has a way of surviving, so let's get behind these people who aregoing to be our leaders and watch what happens. It won't be a perfectadministration, but a lot of Americans may be in for a surprise, whether good orbad. Pray for our leaders and may God bless all people!Georgianna L. Hoffeditz, ChambersburgThe media liedIf you voted for Hillary you are scared. Because for the last five months youhave been a victim of the biggest propaganda scheme in U.S. history.Main Street Media spent nearly $10 billion creating a safe space, a pro-Hillaryecho-chamber on TV, on Facebook, on Twitter, in your favorite newspaper. Theyrigged polls with massive oversampling of Democrats to create the illusionHillary would win, completely censored trending news articles and pro-Trumphashtags from social media, paid thousands of people to post pro-Hillarycomments and pretend to be "normal" voters.They blatantly one-sided every source of news you trusted and relied on to be aninformed citizen.So when Trump won, you were blindsided, you had absolutely no clue he had asmuch support as he did. The media said he was evil, racist, sexist, a sexualpredator, Hitler, and Satan himself. They said he had less than a 1% chance ofwinning all the way up to election night.You are scared for the same reason that he won.The media lied to you.Gary Jones, WaynesboroExperiment failedAm I to assume that in winning the presidential election Donald Trump is somehowabsolved of all guilt for the filth that has spewed from his mouth over the past18 months? Has he, in an instant, gained the stature expected of one who holdsthe highest office in our nation? Can we now point to him with pride and tellour children and grandchildren that his is the image they should emulate?America took a dangerous step down a dark path Nov. 8. Any illusions of beingable to posture as an example for the rest of the world to follow wereshattered. The noble experiment begun in 1787 has failed.Jack Shoemaker, Fayetteville