HIGHLIGHT: More Americans are insured, but many are still underinsured - meaningthat they are exposed to significant financial risk from out-of-pocket payments.One of the few things that Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton seemed to agreeon was that high out-of-pocket spending on health care was a problem. One ofMrs. Clinton's most popular health care proposals during her campaign was toreduce out-of-pocket spending to more "manageable" levels for many Americans.President-elect Trump said he could fix this problem by repealing Obamacare andreplacing it with something better.As I've written before, while more Americans are insured, many are stillunderinsured - meaning that they are exposed to significant financial risk fromout-of-pocket payments. Reducing out-of-pocket spending, however, will requiresome trade-offs. No easy solution exists, but there are examples out thereworthy of consideration.Before we can discuss any plan's specifics, let's look at exactly how the healthcare system extracts money from you. Plans differ in the amount of actuarialvalue they have. That's the percentage of the cost of care that insurance willcover. If a plan has 60 percent actuarial value, then it covers 60 percent ofyour potential health care spending, and you cover 40 percent. Plans with higheractuarial value cost more. In the Affordable Care Act insurance exchanges,bronze plans have a 60 percent actuarial value. Silver plans have 70 percent,and gold plans 80 percent.You pay up front for health insurance with a premium that is often chargedmonthly. But that's not all the spending you'll do. Almost all plans come withdeductibles. This is an amount of money that you are responsible for paying forhealth care before insurance coverage kicks in. The reason plans havedeductibles is that research shows you're less likely to spend your money thanthe insurance company's money. Plans with lower deductibles usually have higherpremiums.Even after you spend the deductible, you're not done, though. Most plans comewith co-pays. These are set fees that you have to pay each time you use thehealth care system. They may be $20 for a doctor's visit, or $100 for anemergency room visit. Some plans use co-insurance instead. That's when you payfor a percentage of your care instead of a set fee for each service.The lower the actuarial value, the more you're going to pay out of pocket indeductibles, co-pays or co-insurance. But plans on the Obamacare exchanges areall subject to an out-of-pocket maximum. In 2016, for a family, it was $13,700,and for an individual it was $6,850. Even the bronzest of bronze plans can't askyou to pay any more, but they are more likely to let you hit the maximum.That's a lot of money. This is true even in the employer-based insurance market.In 2016, almost 30 percent of workers were enrolled in a high-deductible healthcare plan. More than half of employees with individual plans had deductibles ofat least $1,000. Two-thirds of covered workers had co-pays, and 25 percent hadco-insurance for primary care. Almost 20 percent of workers were in plans withan out-of-pocket maximum of $6,000 or more.Mrs. Clinton proposed a tax credit for those with high out-of-pocket spending,up to $5,000 per family, or $2,500 for individuals. This tax credit would beapplied to insured Americans whose out-of-pocket health care spending risesabove 5 percent of their income.Economists at the RAND Corporation modeled how this proposal might work. Theyestimated that this cost-sharing tax credit would increase the number of insuredpeople in the United States by 9.6 million people in 2018. They also found itwould lead to significant reductions in out-of-pocket spending for manyAmericans. Most of these savings would be felt by those making between 139percent and 400 percent of the federal poverty line. People earning less areusually on Medicaid, which has little out-of-pocket spending already, and peopleearning more are less likely to see such spending reach the limit.The trade-off is that this would cost the government money - quite a bit of it,in fact. It's estimated that the tax credits alone would cost more than $110billion in 2018. Some of this government spending would be offset by peoplechoosing to take private insurance (with the credits) over Medicaid, which couldreduce Medicaid spending by $25 billion. Over all, it's estimated that thispolicy would increase the federal deficit in 2018 by just over $90 billion. Ofcourse, this could be offset by new taxes or fees, but those would surely beunpopular.Mr. Trump offered no specific plans for reducing out-of-pocket spending. Butthat's not surprising. It wasn't that long ago that one of the most favoredmeans by which conservatives proposed to bring down health care spending was tohave consumers put more "skin in the game." Many of them believed that ifconsumers were more exposed to health care spending, if they had to pay more outof pocket for care, then they would be more responsible consumers because of it.In fact, calls have already begun for Mr. Trump to expose people to even moreout-of-pocket spending. Right now, the Affordable Care Act has provisions thathelp reduce cost-sharing below the out-of-pocket maximum for those making lessthan 250 percent of the poverty line who purchase a silver-level plan. Thosepayments are made directly to health plans that cover those people.It may be possible for the president to cut off those payments immediately,without any congressional involvement. If he were to do that, and it's unlikely,it would either cripple those insurance companies, or they'd withdrawimmediately from the exchanges, terminating coverage and leaving millionswithout health insurance overnight.It's also unlikely that the Trump administration would cover more people'sout-of-pocket payments with federal money. To argue suddenly that people shouldbe shielded from the expense of health care would be a sea change forconservative health insurance design.That doesn't mean that there aren't changes that might make sense. In othercountries, like France and Singapore, cost-sharing for those with chronicillnesses, those who might spend the most on health care, is such that they havetheir co-pays waived or reduced.The theory there is that we want to use cost-sharing to encourage the healthy tospend less, but remove barriers for the sick. Changes like this might leave inplace many of the benefits that cost sharing is supposed to provide in curbingspending, while removing the harms of high out-of-pocket spending for manyvulnerable Americans who need care the most.Regardless, out-of-pocket spending was an issue throughout this campaign, andit's not going away soon. It's probably something the Trump administration willneed to grapple with in order to satisfy campaign promises without abandoningconservative principles of reform.The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy andeveryday life. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Sign up for our newsletter.Aaron E. Carroll is a professor of pediatrics at Indiana University School ofMedicine who blogs on health research and policy at The Incidental Economist andmakes videos at Healthcare Triage. Follow him on Twitter at @aaronecarroll.DRAWING (DRAWING BY CLAUDIA MATE)