Perhaps it was some lingering hostility over the presidential election results,but much of the boxing community lost its collective mind over the decision thatawarded Andre Ward the light heavyweight championship over Sergey Kovalev lastSaturday night in Las Vegas.Like all three judges, I scored the fight 114-113 for Ward, who was knocked downin the second round, but rallied in the second half of the fight.One apparent Trump supporter slammed my inbox claiming I must be a Democrat, whotook my frustration over the election out "on an innocent victim." And, ofcourse, there were the racist reactions: "Let me guess. You are black andsupport the black guy. You f-----g dope."And this from another reader which had me scratching my head: "We both know yournewspaper is antiwhite and so are you."Lovely.You can judge for yourself Saturday night when HBO airs a replay of the boutjust before what could be an even better fight than Kovalev-Ward.Vasyl Lomachenko (6-1, 4 KOs) of the Ukraine defends his WBO junior lightweightchampionship against Nicholas Walters (26-0-1, 21 KOs) of Jamaica at theCosmopolitan in Las Vegas. It will mark the 2,000th event Top Rank boss Bob Arumhas promoted in his 50-year career .Arum calls Lomachenko the best fighter he has seen since Ali."There is nobody that I have seen and there have been a lot of great technicalfighters that I have seen - Alex Arguello was one, Floyd Mayweather certainlyand Manny Pacquiao - but there has been nobody with the skills that VasylLomachenko has."A two-time Olympic gold medalist, Lomachenko has become a two-division worldchampion in just seven professional fights. He captured the WBO juniorlightweight title last June when he dominated defending champion Roman "Rocky"Martinez, scoring a fifth round knockout.In Walters, Lomachenko faces a knockout artist who has won 11 of his last 14fights by stoppage. He won the WBA featherweight title in 2012 and successfullydefended it three times during a three-year reign."They don't call him the 'Axe Man' for nothing," Arum said.Lomachenko is trying to build his name in the States and knows a win would raisehis profile."This is a very important bout for me because many boxing experts and manypeople in boxing rank Walters as the highest-rated fighter in our division," hesaid.Walters, 30, hasn't fought in 11 months, but has no concerns about ring rust."I wouldn't take the fight if I thought I wasn't going to be ready for thefight," Walters said.Interestingly, two of the three judges who will score Lomachenko-Walters - BurtClements and Glenn Trowbridge - judged Kovalev-Ward, while the third judgeassigned to Saturday's bout, Adalaide Byrd, was appointed by the Nevada AthleticCommission over the objection of Top Rank, which promotes both fighters."They're all good judges," said Top Rank Vice President Carl Moretti. "It's thefact you go through the whole process and you object to someone and provide thewritten stuff they ask for and they still assign her. It shows a lack of respectfor the process and a lack of respect for Top Rank."It also seems a bit puzzling the NAC assigned Clements and Trowbridge to themain event a week after all the controversy created by the Kovalev-Warddecision."Last week's fight could have gone either way," Moretti said. "But why put yourcommission and those judges right back in the frying pan with a Russian fighterwith the same manager [as Kovalev]. Will they react to that and the controversyand look at the fight different? "PREDICTION: Judges won't be a factor this time. Lomachenko by late stoppage.george.wills@nypost.com