Donald Trump was right. The election was rigged. Just not the way he claimed.The election was rigged by the archaic and undemocratic method that we currentlyuse to anoint the president. For the second time in past five presidentialelections, the candidate who got the most votes lost and the person who earnedfewer votes won.The culprit is the Electoral College, which dictates that the winner not be thecandidate who gets the most votes of the people but the candidate who receives amajority of the votes of the 538 electors.No other election in our country is decided in this manner. For every officefrom county coroner to U.S. senator, the person who gets the most votes wins.Just not for president.Hillary Clinton was the choice of many more Americans than Donald Trump. Whenall the votes are counted, her final margin over Trump may be as great as awhopping 2 million votes.The original rationale for the Electoral College was that voters didn't haveinformation about presidential contenders and it would be more sensible for themto designate trusted individuals from their states to pick a president. Perhapsthat made sense in 1789 when transportation was by horse and buggy,communication between states could take weeks and knowledge of the candidateswas limited. More than two centuries later, communication about presidentialcandidates, to put it mildly, has changed substantially.There is a major precedent to amending the Constitution to allow the people todecide. Prior to 1913, the public did not elect the U.S. Senate. Senators wereselected by state legislatures. The 17th Amendment provided for the directelection of U.S.senators under the simple principle that whoever gets the most votes wins.Many have called for a constitutional change to allow direct election of thepresident. That includes Donald Trump. After Mitt Romney lost in 2012, Trumptweeted: "The electoral college is a disaster for our democracy." He added thatthe Electoral College is a "sham and a travesty" and that "the phony electoralcollege makes a laughingstock out of our nation." What's he tweeting now?Because presidential campaigns concentrate on just a few contested states, mostAmericans aren't substantially involved in the most important election in thecountry.Some in Wisconsin contend that the Electoral College gives Wisconsin moreinfluence. Actually, not. The math is straightforward. Under direct election,Wisconsin's popular vote would be a significantly larger percentage of theoverall vote than are our 10 votes out of 538 in the Electoral College. TheElectoral College is fundamentally undemocratic. Why is a vote cast in Wyomingthree times more important than a vote cast in Wisconsin?The current Electoral College system has another, less obvious but potentiallyvery significant flaw. We don't actually vote for president, but for electorswho can vote however they choose. While this is rarely a problem, it might wellhave been in the past election. An elector from Washington state (who will votein the Electoral College in December because Hillary Clinton won his state) saidhe won't vote for Clinton even though she won that state handily. Clintonwinning the Electoral College by a vote was a very real possibility (had she wonFlorida and Wisconsin, for example). However, this elector could havesingle-handedly denied Clinton the victory despite the people's votes. Eventhough a majority of Americans voted against Donald Trump, he will have thepower to radically alter our nation. We must amend the Constitution to get ridof the Electoral College and let the people decide who our president will be.