GOP's Chaffetz urged to show a 'sense of urgency' on ethical questionsDemocrats this week made their strongest call to date for a congressionalinvestigation into President-elect Donald Trump's business entanglements andpossible conflicts of interest, asking the GOP's top House investigator tolaunch a formal probe.Seventeen Democratic members of the House Oversight and Government ReformCommittee on Monday called on the panel's chairman, Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah)to "begin reviewing [Trump's] financial arrangements in order to identify andprotect against conflicts of interest." The demand, in a seven-page letter,comes two weeks after the committee's ranking Democrat, Rep. Elijah E. Cummings(Md.), made a similar request to Chaffetz.That request, according to the Democrats, did not receive a reply."You acted with unprecedented urgency to hold 'emergency' hearings and issuemultiple unilateral subpoenas to investigate [Democratic presidential nomineeHillary Clinton] before the election," Cummings and 16 other Democrats wrote."We ask that you show the same sense of urgency now."The Democrats said their phone lines have been "flooded" by supporters of aninvestigation into Trump's business dealings, "jamming our phone lines with morecalls than we have ever received in response to any other issue."Their letter asks Chaffetz to request copies of Trump's income tax returns andto invite Trump aides to brief lawmakers on "their plans for protecting againstconflicts of interest." It cites multiple news reports raising questions aboutwhether Trump would be able to keep his business dealings at arm's length aslong as his children continue running his companies under the Trump Organizationumbrella.The Washington Post, for example, reported that at least 111 Trump companieshave done business in 18 countries and territories - creating a panoply ofpotential ethical pitfalls as Trump takes the nation's foreign policy reins.The concerns also land closer to home: Trump's new hotel on Pennsylvania AvenueNW is operated in a government-owned building under a lease with the GeneralServices Administration. Neither Trump nor the GSA has indicated how they planto eliminate or mitigate a possible conflict of interest, and there are alreadyindications that the hotel is a prominent venue for those seeking to curry favorwith the incoming president.Before Trump's win on Nov. 8, Chaffetz had pledged to continue vigorouslyinvestigating Clinton's use of a private email server while she was secretary ofstate from 2009 to 2013. Afterward, he said the email investigation wouldcontinue. "I still have a duty and obligation to get to the truth about one ofthe largest breaches of security at the State Department," he said on Nov. 9.Chaffetz has not publicly addressed how he intends to handle questions aboutTrump's business dealings. Generally speaking, except in the most egregiouscircumstances, congressional investigators tend to handle presidents of theirown parties with kid gloves.In an interview with the Daily Caller this month, Chaffetz said it was hispanel's  "job and responsibility ... to oversee all expenditures by theexecutive branch, no matter who the president is."michael.debonis@washpost.com