The day after the presidential election, I stood in front of a class of foreigngraduate students who had come to the United States to study U.S. andinternational law, trying to reassure them that they were not in danger of beingdeported."You are all here legally on student visas," I reminded them. "President-electTrump has never threatened to deport noncitizens who have permission to be inthe United States."Then, a student in a hijab raised her hand and asked, "What if I leave thecountry to visit my family for the holidays, or to do research? Will I beallowed back in?"Her question has no easy answer. Donald Trump has vowed to "suspend immigrationfrom certain terror-prone regions" within his first 100 days in office. And theexecutive branch has enormous discretion to bar individuals or groups fromentering the United States, even when the person seeking entry has a valid visa.I hesitated. "Perhaps you should travel before Jan. 20," I told her finally. Somuch for calming their fears.Mr. Trump's presidential campaign centered on his plans to remake U.S.immigration policy. In addition to suspending immigration from yet-to-be namedregions, he has pledged to reverse President Barack Obama's executive actiongranting certain undocumented immigrants temporary reprieves from removal, tobuild a "big, beautiful wall" between the United States and Mexico, and todeport millions of undocumented immigrants within a few years. Can he make goodon those promises? How scared should my students be?The president has unusually broad authority over immigration policy, but hispower is not unlimited. Mr. Trump, like presidents before him, may find it moredifficult than he expects to persuade Congress, even a Republican-led Congress,to enact laws and fund his projects, to convince courts that his actions areconstitutional and to persuade the men and women who implement immigration lawto exercise their discretion as he would like.Mr. Trump can quickly implement proposals that do not require the participationof another branch of government. His proposed ban on immigration from certainregions - which replaced his previous and constitutionally suspect plan to banall Muslims - is one of these.By focusing on geography and not religion, Mr. Trump would avoid a courtchallenge that could slow down implementation. The Immigration and NationalityAct gives the president the unilateral power to deny entry to "any class ofaliens" whom he believes is "detrimental to the interests of the United States,"which is all the authority Mr. Trump needs.Likewise, Mr. Trump can easily rescind Mr. Obama's 2012 executive actiongranting a temporary reprieve from removal to unauthorized immigrants who werebrought to the United States as children. As of today, more than 700,000undocumented youth have received deferred action and temporary workauthorization, allowing them to come out of the shadows for the first time intheir lives. Mr. Trump can eliminate this program with the stroke of a pen.Building a wall across the southern border will be harder, however, because itrequires money from Congress. A lot of money. A wall the scale of the one Mr.Trump promised - 30 to 50 feet tall, stretching 2,000 miles - is estimated tocost between $15 billion and $25 billion. Mr. Trump has said that he will makeMexico pay, but he has not explained how he would force it to do so, andCongress does not appear willing to fund the cost in the meantime. In a recentinterview, Mr. Trump implicitly acknowledged the need to scale back, agreeingthat there "could be some fencing" instead.Can Mr. Trump deport all of the approximately 11.3 million unauthorizedimmigrants currently living in the United States within a few years of takingoffice, as he had promised to do earlier in the campaign? Not on his own.Removals on a mass scale would require creating a deportation force with theauthority to conduct daily raids on workplaces and homes, estimated to cost farmore than that wall - $400 billion or more.Even Mr. Trump has backed away from his more extreme positions on massdeportation. In a recent interview, the president-elect declared manyundocumented immigrants to be "terrific people" - a jarring sentiment from a manwho earlier said they all must go. He then explained that he would prioritizethe removal of the "2 or 3 million" unauthorized immigrants who, he claims, havecommitted crimes. (That number is contested; the nonpartisan Migration PolicyInstitute puts it at closer to 800,000.)But even that scaled-back deportation plan would be expensive. Mr. Obamadeported more people than any other president, expending all available funds todo so, and yet removed only about 400,000 people a year. Mr. Trump cannot deportmillions in short order unless he can get Congress to go along with his plan.In part, this is because deportation is not as simple as Mr. Trump's rhetoricsuggests. Noncitizens living in the United States have statutory andconstitutional rights that must be protected in the removal process. They havethe right to a hearing before an immigration judge, representation by counsel(if they can afford it), and they can appeal an adverse decision to a higherlevel of the agency bureaucracy - a process that can take years in thebacklogged immigration courts.Furthermore, federal law provides some particularly sympathetic undocumentedimmigrants, such as trafficking victims and those eligible for asylum, the rightto remain in the United States. Unless Mr. Trump can get Congress to repealthese laws, immigration officials can continue to use their discretion to giverelief to at least some of the undocumented immigrants that Mr. Trump seeks toremove.But there is one goal that Mr. Trump has already accomplished without the helpof any other branch of government: He has made immigrants afraid. Just a fewyears ago, undocumented youth provided their names, addresses and evenfingerprints to the government in return for permission to live and worktemporarily in the United States. Now these same immigrants fear that the datathey handed over will be used to target them for removal.Undocumented immigrants who have lived in the United States for years, with U.S.citizen children and without a criminal record, were once a low priority forremoval. They woke up on Nov. 9 knowing this was no longer the case. Even legalimmigrants, such as the foreign students I teach, worry that they will beexpelled from the United States or denied reentry if they ever leave.Perhaps this was Mr. Trump's intent all along. Even if he cannot quickly build awall or remove millions of unauthorized immigrants, he can instill fear, drivingsome immigrants to leave and others not to come in the first place. Fear alonecan reduce immigration - both legal and illegal - without the federal governmentspending a cent. For this, at least, Mr. Trump gets all the credit.Amanda Frost is a professor of law at the American University Washington Collegeof Law. She wrote this for Slate's Jurisprudence feature.