Plans stand to add to deficit that GOP  railed against under ObamaPresident-elect Donald Trump intends to launch a broad legislative agenda thatincludes cutting taxes, rolling back the Affordable Care Act, growing themilitary and rebuilding the nation's infrastructure.The question is how congressional Republicans, after eight years of apocalypticwarnings about the growing national debt, will respond to the dire fiscalimplications of proposals that would probably send the deficit soaring.Taken together, the Trump agenda stands to drain hundreds of billions of dollarsa year from the federal balance sheet. His proposed tax cut alone, according toindependent analysts, could cost the Treasury as much as $7.2 trillion over adecade.Some Republicans in Congress, including House Speaker Paul D. Ryan, haveindicated that some sacred cows might be up for slaughter. Those include federalentitlement programs such as Medicare, long considered a "third rail" ofAmerican politics, that Trump himself has shied away from touching."You fix the health-care problem, you are dramatically fixing the fiscal healthof this country," Ryan (R-Wis.) said Thursday. "Those are among the things thatwe have to do if we're going to truly nurse ourselves back to fiscal health."In interviews with more than a dozen congressional Republicans last week -including staunch supporters of Trump and his agenda - most dismissed concernsabout potential deficits in a big-spending Trump administration.Rep. Tom Price (R-Ga.), who favored austere spending blueprints as House BudgetCommittee chairman and is now a candidate for a Cabinet post in the Trumpadministration, said it would be a matter of "priorities.""If you prioritize on the things that he and we believe are important ... it canactually save money," Price said.Most Republicans on Capitol Hill, including Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), a formerpresidential candidate, simply dodged questions about Trump's plans: "We have adebt problem in America that needs to be addressed, but we're going to wait andsee what the proposals are."Several Republican lawmakers who call themselves deficit hawks simply expressedfaith that implementing GOP policies would unleash levels of economic growth thenation hasn't seen in more than 15 years, boosting government revenue tocompensate for any new spending."If we were at 4 percent GDP growth consistently, we could afford all that,"said Rep. Andy Harris (R-Md.), echoing the views of other House conservatives.Economists argue that those growth targets for the U.S. economy are ambitious atbest. Experts on both the left and the right are projecting growth rates closerto 2 percent, and even under the most generous circumstances, most believeTrump's proposals would cost far more than the economy could recoup througheconomic growth alone."The suite of policy proposals that Trump put forth would explode the debt,"said Maya MacGuineas, president of the Committee for a Responsible FederalBudget, which estimates Trump's plans would add $5.3 trillion to the existing$19.5 trillion national debt."A lot of times in campaigns candidates talk about what they would do and laterturn to talking about how they would pay for it," she added. "But because hewalled off the major entitlement programs, there is nowhere to go to get themoney to pay for things."Should Republicans support deficit spending under a Trump administration, itwould mark a 180-degree reversal in rhetoric. The current Republican majoritiesin the House and Senate were built on the midterm waves of 2010 and 2014, whereGOP candidates preaching fiscal austerity ousted Democrats who favored deficitspending to jump-start a sluggish economy.Ryan himself warned in 2010 that federal spending would "mortgage our children'sfuture" in commentaries that he and current House Republican Conference ChairmanJeb Hensarling (R-Tex.) co-wrote for the Washington Examiner."By acting now, a debt crisis can be averted by reforming government on our ownterms," Ryan said.Trump, on the other hand, made nary a mention of budget deficits on the campaigntrail. He briefly suggested renegotiating the country's debt obligations, a movethat would likely decimate America's global creditworthiness.In an interview published Friday, Trump's designated chief White Housestrategist suggested the incoming president would pay little heed to Republicanorthodoxy on fiscal matters."Like [Andrew] Jackson's populism, we're going to build an entirely newpolitical movement," Stephen K. Bannon told the Hollywood Reporter. "Theconservatives are going to go crazy. I'm the guy pushing a trillion-dollarinfrastructure plan."Left-leaning fiscal experts, meanwhile, see new evidence in the Trump agendathat Republican attacks on President Obama's fiscal policy were driven less byconviction and more by a political desire to undermine a Democraticadministration."There's no plausible pathway that gets you from a huge trickle-down tax cut toa doubling of the growth rate," said Jared Bernstein, a senior fellow at theliberal Center on Budget and Policy Priorities and former chief economic adviserto Vice President Biden. "What will happen is what always happens in thesemoments: You exacerbate after-tax inequality, and you generate large deficits."Trump's spending plans come amid warnings from the Federal Reserve that theeconomy is operating at close to full employment and productivity growth is at anear-term low. Federal Reserve Board Chair Janet L. Yellen testified Thursday ata hearing of the Congressional Joint Economic Committee that racking up moredebt under those conditions could put the economy at serious risk in the future."There's not a lot of fiscal space, should a shock to the economy occur, anadverse shock, that did require fiscal stimulus," Yellen said.Some Republican deficit hawks have said they remain worried about the debt anddeficit but refused to address Trump's proposals directly. "I think we'll standup to that problem," said Sen. Pat Roberts (R-Kan.). "It is going to bedifficult, but I think we need to operate within our budget rules."What remains to be seen is whether Republican leaders undertake a serious effortto pursue cuts to Medicare or other major federal programs in the early monthsof the Trump administration. Ryan has pointed to Medicare, Medicaid and theChildren's Health Insurance Program - and, to a lesser extent, Social Security -as the main drivers of the nation's long-term fiscal pressures.He said in a Nov. 10 Fox News Channel interview that Medicare has "seriousproblems" that would need to be addressed when Congress moves to repeal andreplace the Affordable Care Act. He did not say, however, how far-reaching thosechanges might be.A policy agenda advanced by Ryan and House Republicans favors reworking Medicarefrom a public insurance program into a "premium support" model wherebeneficiaries would be given vouchers to purchase private insurance plans.Medicaid, which now covers more than 70 million low-income Americans, would beconverted into a "block grant" where states would be handed a fixed sum andgiven wide latitude to administer benefits.Ryan on Thursday declined to say whether those initiatives would be consideredas part of an Obamacare replacement: "We'll get into all this stuff down theroad."One key Republican, Senate Finance Committee Chair Orrin G. Hatch (Utah) - whosecommittee oversees taxes and entitlement programs - seemed concerned aboutunfettered spending and how the numbers would all add up. Asked if anentitlements overhaul was necessary to making the Trump agenda fiscallysustainable, Hatch said, "I think that's probably the understatement."Hatch said Wednesday that "we're going to have to" consider Medicare policychanges in the coming year and did not rule out a privatization push. "For somepeople, you'd have to have premium support," he said.Even if Republicans don't immediately pursue entitlement cuts, Bernstein said,the deficits that Trump's policies stand to create would make such cuts all butinevitable."When their phony growth agenda doesn't work," he said, "they're going to throwtheir hands up and say, 'Sorry, folks, we're going to have to cutentitlements.'"Democratic lawmakers, meanwhile, appear to be horrified policy-wise andsalivating politically at the prospect that Republicans might pursue Medicarecuts."It's not going to happen," Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.), the incomingSenate minority leader, said Friday. "I'd like to see how many Republicans inthe Senate will vote for privatization of Medicare, or in the House."He challenged them, in fact, to do so: "Make our day."mike.debonis@washpost.comkelsey.snell@washpost.com