"The Donald" is modeling himself after "Honest Abe" as he weighs his Cabinetchoices, incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus said Sunday.President-elect Donald Trump's consideration of former harsh critic Mitt Romneyas secretary of state shows he's considering a "team of rivals," such as the oneAbraham Lincoln assembled, Priebus told "Fox News Sunday.""He's going to be making the best decision for the American people," Priebussaid."It isn't a matter of warfare. I mean, there's a lot of opinions about this and,yes, it is sort of a 'team of rivals' concept if you were to go towards theGovernor Romney concept."Trump has already embraced South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley - who once called him"everything a governor doesn't want in a president" - and picked her for UNambassador.Besides considering Romney for secretary of state, he has reportedly offeredone-time primary opponent Ben Carson a job as secretary of housing and urbandevelopment.Other vanquished foes who have met with Trump during the transition periodinclude New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, who was the first to endorse him, TexasSen. Ted Cruz and ex-Texas Gov. Rick Perry.Acclaimed historian Doris Kearns Goodwin popularized the "Team of Rivals" theorywith her best-selling 2005 biography of Abraham Lincoln, which Steven Spielberglater turned into the Oscar-winning movie "Lincoln."In Lincoln's case, his team included William Henry Seward, whom the 16thpresident tapped as secretary of state after scoring an upset win over Seward atthe 1860 GOP convention.TEAM OF RIVALSDonald Trump may try to emulate Abraham Lincoln in 1860 by stocking his Cabinetwith vanquished foes, his incoming chief of staff, Reince Priebus, said Sunday.TRumP'S PiCkS & PoSSibLeSn South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley was named ambassador to the united Nationsafter supporting Trump rival Sen. Marco Rubio during the Republican primaries.n ex-massachusetts Gov. mitt Romney is a contender for secretary of state,despite accusing Trump of "playing members of the American public for suckers"during the campaign.n Dr. ben Carson, a former GOP presidential contender, is mulling an offer tobecome secretary of housing and urban development.LiNCoLN'S PiCkSn NY Sen. William Seward was named secretary of state after finishing second toLincoln at the Republican presidential convention.n ohio Gov. Salmon Chase was elected to the Senate after failing to win thepresidential nod, but resigned after just two days to become Lincoln's treasurysecretary.n ex-missouri Rep. edward bates, another also-ran at the GOP convention, becameLincoln's attorney general.marisa.schultz@nypost.com