There wasn't much talk of energy policy by either presidential candidate on thecampaign trail or during debates.But so far, President-elect Donald Trump has vowed to get rid of PresidentBarack Obama's landmark environmental policy, the Clean Power Plan, which callson states to reduce carbon emissions nationwide by 32 percent by 2030. InArizona, the plan calls for a 34 percent reduction in emissions.Arizona Republicans were no fans of the Clean Power Plan, which was finalizedlast year. Attorney General Mark Brnovich and the Arizona Corporation Commissionjoined a lawsuit along with 23 other states to challenge the rule and theEnvironmental Protection Agency's authority to make it. The U.S. Supreme Courtstayed implementation of the plan earlier this year, pending any court outcomes.Republican leaders see promise in Trump's inclination to get rid of the CleanPower Plan - uncertainty is likely in the coming months as his policy positionson energy in general continue to become clear.But environmental groups warn it won't be easy to dismantle the plan, andthey're holding out hope for policies that will support clean and renewableenergy.In Trump's 100-day plan, he said he wants to lift restrictions on energyproduction for shale, oil, natural gas and clean coal. He also said he plans to"lift the Obama-Clinton roadblocks and allow vital energy infrastructureprojects, like the Keystone Pipeline, to move forward" and cancel payments forUnited Nations climate change programs. He also called for a piece oflegislation dubbed the "American Energy & Infrastructure Act," which wouldcreate public-private partnerships and tax incentives in hopes of spurringinvestment in infrastructure.Brnovich said in a statement that his office, which created a federalism unitwhen he took office in 2015, is still committed to "stopping federal overreachunder the guise of environmental protection. ""We are hopeful the Trump administration remains committed to their pledge toroll back Obama's unlawful environmental policies," Brnovich said.Doug Little, the chairman of the Corporation Commission, said he sees littlechance for the Clean Power Plan to remain after Trump takes office, and he seesa more amicable relationship between the state and the EPA on regulations.The plan is being reviewed by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District ofColumbia Circuit, and Little said it's likely the plan could end up before theU.S. Supreme Court. Since Trump will have an appointment to the courtimmediately upon taking office, and that person is likely be very conservative,Little said he suspects the plan would be ruled unconstitutional, at least inpart, by the high court.Another possibility, though more remote according to Little, would belegislative action that would take authority away from the EPA. And yet anotheroption could be Trump appointing an EPA administrator who "takes the teeth outof" the plan, Little said."Generally speaking, you're going to see the Clean Power Plan is going to have areal tough time in the year going forward," Little said.Getting rid of the CPP will allow utilities here to lessen the economic impacton ratepayers by allowing coal plants that would have been decommissioned beforethe end of their useful life to stay online, not stranding any of those assetsearly, Little said."The economic impact on Arizona is going to be significantly lessened. We willbe able to do things in a normal timetable as opposed to an acceleratedtimetable," he said.Too early to speculateArizona Public Service, the state's largest electric utility, said "it is tooearly to speculate" what Trump's administration could mean for the Clean PowerPlan or energy/environmental regulation.Paul Walker, executive director of ConservAmerica, a conservative environmentalgroup, said he also thinks the Clean Power Plan will be gone under Trump, andthere will be a "massive level of support" for pipelines like Keystone and theDakota Access Pipeline. But Walker said there still will likely be some federalregulation of carbon dioxide."There's going to have to be some sort of federal approach to CO2. You're goingto have to have some measure that's in place to address CO2. It's not going tobe the Clean Power Plan, for sure," he said.He also senses a lack of support for direct subsidies for any one type ofenergy, like the solar investment tax credit, from the Trump administration,perhaps instead focusing on long-term tax policies that could incentivize cleanenergy usage."They just are really troubled with the way subsidies work, and they don't likethe political aspect of how companies wind up lobbying for and litigating forsubsidies," Walker said.ConservAmerica believes climate change is happening and is affected by humans.While Walker acknowledged Trump "explicitly does not believe the science" onclimate change, Trump has repeatedly said he wants to have clean air and water,so he hopes Trump will support policies that encourage energy generation thatdoesn't have any emissions, carbon or otherwise.An evolving positionTrump's position on climate change has evolved over the years. In 2012, hetweeted that "the concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinesein order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive. " But in an interview withThe New York Times on November 22, Trump said he has an "open mind" on climatechange and how to address it. He also said in the interview he believed therewas "some connectivity" between humans' actions and climate change, but "itdepends on how much" and what the cost will be to companies.Scientific consensus says that human-caused climate change is an observed fact.According to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, 97 percent ofclimate scientists agreed that warming trends over the past 100 years were"extremely likely due to human activities. " Additionally, NASA expects 2016will be the hottest year on record, after the first six months of the year broketemperature records.Sandy Bahr, director of the Sierra Club Grand Canyon chapter, said Trump's ideason energy and environmental policy are not so simple, and it's tough to discernwhat he will actually do because, like on many topics, he's "said a lot ofthings" that may not actually happen."Immediately, as far as an outright repeal (of the Clean Power Plan), I would besurprised if we saw that happen," Bahr said.The president is part of a system of checks and balances, and the plan wentthrough a proper rulemaking process, she said. Plus, she added, environmentalprotection was hardly discussing during the presidential campaign, so Trumpshouldn't see his election as "some kind of mandate on climate change. "'A lot to lose'The Arizona Department of Environmental Quality, the agency tasked with puttingtogether a state implementation plan for the Clean Power Plan and various otherfederal environmental rules, cancelled a stakeholder meeting for the CPP thatwas set for December. But there's still a technical working group scheduled inthe coming months for the plan, spokesman Caroline Oppleman said. On itswebsite, ADEQ says it has decided to "slow, but not stop" work on a stateimplementation plan.To stay on target if the stay on the CPP is lifted, "our path forward is focusedon closing out key work in progress, while concurrently mapping out a plan tocomplete necessary outstanding work," Oppleman said.While the Clean Power Plan's future is uncertain, Bahr said she doesn't expectto see a lot of movement in Arizona to put together a state implementation plan."We really shouldn't be waiting," Bahr said. "We shouldn't be wasting time. Weshould be doing everything we can to reduce emissions and address climatechange. A place like Arizona has a lot to lose. We are experiencing climatechange now -- we know what drought looks like, we know what the implicationsare, we're seeing it already. ... We should be stepping up to do our part. "http://www.azcapitoltimes.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more fromthis resource.Copyright © 2016 BridgeTower Media. All Rights Reserved.