DONALD TRUMP spent his Sunday slamming Hillary Clinton over her campaign'sdecision to assist with a recount request in three swing states and insistingwithout evidence that if it weren't for "millions of people who votedillegally," he would have won the popular vote."In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popularvote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally," Trump posted tohis Twitter account toward the end of an hourslong tirade."It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote thanthe Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4 ... states insteadof the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily andconvincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!" he added.Trump won the election by beating Clinton in the Electoral College 290 to 232.He lost the popular vote, however, by more than 2 million votes.There is no evidence any widespread voter fraud occurred during the 2016election, although Green Party nominee Jill Stein has launched a recount effortin Wisconsin amid questions over Russian interference in tallying the results -an effort that Trump tweeted was "sad.""Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to thevictory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change," Trumptweeted earlier Sunday."I, for one, am appalled," Trump added, after tweeting parts of Clinton'sconcession speech, in which she told supporters they must accept that "DonaldTrump is going to be our President."His criticisms came a day after a lawyer for the Clinton campaign said theDemocratic nominee's remaining team would participate in any recount requestStein files, but would not spearhead any of its own."Now that a recount has been initiated in Wisconsin, we intend to participate inorder to ensure the process proceeds in a manner that is fair to all sides,"Marc Elias, general counsel to the Clinton campaign, wrote in a statementSaturday.Elias stressed, however, that the campaign's own analysts hadn't come acrossevidence of irregularities.Stein filed for a recount in Wisconsin Friday afternoon. She has vowed to do thesame in Pennsylvania and Michigan, raising more than $4 million to fund the trioof do-overs.Trump won all three of those states by narrow margins. Michigan's results, whichshow Trump leading by just over 11,000 votes, have not yet been certified.The three states in question could tip the electoral balance to Clinton in theremote event they all flip after recounts.The Clinton campaign has said it would go along with Stein's other recounts,too, if she files for them. The deadline to petition Pennsylvania for a recountis Monday, while Michigan's is Wednesday.On Saturday, Stein announced that she'd file for a recount in any state wherethe deadline has not yet passed.But fellow Democrats suggested that a recount was either a bad idea, or anineffectual one."It's their decision. They ran a tough race," Rep. Tim Ryan (D-Ohio), who isrunning for his party's leadership position in the House, said on NBC's "Meetthe Press.""I would counsel against it, but I'm moving on," Ryan said.Bernie Sanders, who said he didn't oppose the recount, predicted its outcomewould have no effect."It's not a big deal. I don't think anybody, Secretary Clinton or anybody else,thinks that there's going to be profound changes. And we will see what happens,"he said on ABC's "This Week."