CAMBRIDGE, Mass. - The raw, lingering emotion of the 2016 presidential campaignerupted into a shouting match here Thursday as top strategists of HillaryClinton's campaign accused their Republican counterparts of fueling andlegitimizing racism to elect Donald Trump.The extraordinary exchange came at a postmortem session sponsored by HarvardUniversity's Kennedy School of Government, where top operatives from bothcampaigns sat across a conference table from each other.As Trump's team basked in the glow of its victory and singled out for praise itscampaign's chief executive, Stephen K. Bannon, who was absent, the row ofgrim-faced Clinton aides who sat opposite them bristled.Clinton communications director Jennifer Palmieri condemned Bannon, whopreviously ran Breitbart, a news site popular with the alt-right, a smallmovement known for espousing racist views."If providing a platform for white supremacists makes me a brilliant tactician,I am proud to have lost," she said. "I would rather lose than win the way youguys did."Kellyanne Conway, Trump's campaign manager, fumed: "Do you think I ran acampaign where white supremacists had a platform?""You did, Kellyanne. You did," interjected Palmieri, who choked up at variouspoints of the session."Do you think you could have just had a decent message for white, working-classvoters?" Conway asked. "How about, it's Hillary Clinton, she doesn't connectwith people? How about, they have nothing in common with her? How about, shedoesn't have an economic message?"Joel Benenson, Clinton's chief strategist, piled on: "There were dog whistlessent out to people. ... Look at your rallies. He delivered it."At which point, Conway accused Clinton's team of being sore losers. "Guys, I cantell you are angry, but wow," she said. "Hashtag he's your president. How'sthat? Will you ever accept the election results? Will you tell your protestersthat he's their president, too?"The session was part of a two-day forum that the school's Institute of Politicshas sponsored in the wake of every presidential election since 1972. It gathersoperatives from nearly all of the primary and general election campaigns, aswell as a large contingent of journalists, with the stated goal of beginning tocompile a historical record.Generally, the quadrennial gatherings are frank but civil ones, in whichpolitical operatives at the top of their game accord each other a measure ofprofessional respect.This year, in the wake of a brutal campaign with a surprise outcome, it wasclear that the wounds have not yet begun to heal. The animosity of the campaignaides mirrors the broader feelings of millions of voters on both sides.Campaign officials lashed out at each other, and also against the media - whichneither side believed had treated it fairly.Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook also acknowledged that her operation hadmade a number of mistakes and miscalculations, while being buffeted by what herepeatedly described as a "head wind" of being an establishment candidate in aseason where voters were eager for change.He noted, for example, that younger voters, perhaps assuming that Clinton wasgoing to win, migrated to third-party candidates in the final days of the race.Where the campaign needed to win upward of 60 percent of young voters, it wasable to garner something "in the high 50s at the end of the day," Mook said."That's why we lost."He and others also faulted FBI Director James B. Comey for deciding in thewaning days of the campaign to revive the controversy over Clinton's use of aprivate email server.Trump officials said Clinton's problems went beyond tactics to her weaknesses asa candidate and the deficits of a message that consisted largely of trying tomake Trump unacceptable.David Bossie, Trump's deputy campaign manager, taunted Mook: "You call it 'headwinds,' I call it self-inflicted wounds."Conway added, "There's a difference for voters between what offends you and whataffects you," arguing that Trump was speaking more directly to people'sanxieties and needs.Strategists for Sen. Bernie Sanders (Vt.), who waged a strong challenge againstClinton for the Democratic nomination, agreed. "There was a large part of theDemocratic primary electorate who had concerns about the secretary's veracityand forthrightness," said Jeff Weaver, Sanders's campaign manager.Clinton's campaign aides insisted, again and again, that their candidate hadbeen held to a different standard than the other contenders - as evidenced bythe controversy over her use of a private email server while secretary of state.Palmieri said that many political journalists had a personal dislike for theDemocratic nominee and predicted that the email issue will go down in history as"the most grossly overrated, over-covered and most destructive story in all ofpresidential politics.""If I made one mistake, it was legitimizing the way the press covered this storyline," Palmieri said.Mook added that Trump deftly used his rally speeches to "switch up the newscycle.""The media by and large was not covering what Hillary Clinton was choosing tosay," Mook said. "They were treating her like the likely winner, and they wereconstantly trying to unearth secrets and expose."For instance, Mook posited that the media did not scrutinize Trump's refusal torelease his tax returns as intensively as the issue of Clinton's private emailserver.Conway retorted: "Oh, my God, that question was vomited to me every day on TV."The strangest criticism of the media, however, was by Trump's former campaignmanager, Corey Lewandowski.His complaint: Journalists accurately reported what Trump said."This is the problem with the media. You guys took everything that Donald Trumpsaid so literally," Lewandowski said. "The American people didn't. Theyunderstood it. They understood that sometimes - when you have a conversationwith people, whether it's around the dinner table or at a bar - you're going tosay things, and sometimes you don't have all the facts to back it up."At a dinner the previous evening, CNN chief executive Jeff Zucker was heckledduring a panel discussion about the media by operatives from several losingRepublican campaigns, who accused the network of showering Trump with freepublicity.To win the GOP nomination, Trump vanquished a highly credentialed field of 16other Republicans, some of whom were backed up by tens of millions of dollars inoutside spending. What his opponents failed to recognize, until it was too late,was that 2016 would be a year unlike any other, in which the standard ruleswould not apply."The uniqueness of this cycle made it such that some of those traditional kindof avenues became less effective," said Danny Diaz, who managed the campaign ofthe presumed early front-runner, former Florida governor Jeb Bush."Money and mechanics matter, but passion about a candidate matters more," addedMike DuHaime, a strategist for New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R), anotherestablishment figure in the race.Barry Bennett, the campaign manager for retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, said ofvoters: "What they wanted more than anything else was strength, and Donald Trumpwas supplying it every day."Clinton consultant Mandy Grunwald had a darker interpretation, which sheexpressed in an icy backhanded compliment to the Trump team on Thursday: "Idon't think you give yourself enough credit for the negative campaign you ran."She noted that the murky corners of the Internet were rife with false storiesthat Clinton was in dire health, and on the verge of going to prison. "I hearthis heroic story of him connecting with voters," Grunwald said. "But there wasa very impressive gassing of her."Benenson, meanwhile, served notice that the election may be over but that thebattles it spawned are not."You guys won, that's clear," Benenson said. "But let's be honest. Don't act asif you have a popular mandate for your message. The fact of the matter is thatmore Americans voted for Hillary Clinton than for Donald Trump."At which point Conway turned to her side and said: "Hey, guys, we won. You don'thave to respond. He was the better candidate. That's why he won."karen.tumulty@washpost.comphilip.rucker@washpost.com