A mix of signals among possible candidatesfor secretary of stateThe secretary of state is the star of most every cabinet, and whenPresident-elect Donald Trump makes his selection he will signal the kind ofposture he intends to present to the world.Does he want the nation's top diplomat to be a Trumpian clone? That would beRudolph W. Giuliani, the garrulous former New York mayor who sprays rhetoricalfire at Islamic terrorists but whose business background is rife with potentialconflicts of interest.Or an ideological crusader? A leading candidate is John Bolton, an architect andenabler of the Iraq War that Trump has so often condemned, whose hawkishness andcombative nature made him a controversial U.S. ambassador to the United Nations.What about a clean slate, someone who would see the world with fresh eyes andpromote Trump's vision? That's where Nikki Haley figures in, the governor ofSouth Carolina who lacks traditional foreign policy chops but is regarded as aquick study.How about a central-casting statesman? Enter Mitt Romney, the 2012 GOPpresidential nominee who led the Republican resistance to Trump's candidacy andbecame a well-worn punching bag for him, but who could be a consensus choice andoffer reassurance to anxious U.S. allies.There may also be other contenders for the job, which is fourth in line to thepresidency ahead of any other cabinet official. One such prospect, SenateForeign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker (R-Tenn.), has suggested inrecent days that he does not have much of a footing."We have a president who, let's face it, approaches things with an exclamationpoint," Corker said Thursday on MSNBC. "I think what might be good is someone tocomplement that and be able to pragmatically go about making things happen."For other national security positions, Trump has tapped trusted butcontroversial loyalists. Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.), who has a history ofracially charged statements, is his nominee for attorney general, while retiredArmy lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn, who has come under fire for incendiaryremarks about Muslims and a relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin,will be Trump's national security adviser.Whether Trump follows this pattern or takes a different course in choosing hissecretary of state, his aides are offering few clues, other than to say that thepresident-elect is keeping an open mind."He's meeting with some of the best and the brightest and the most qualifiedpeople, not only to fill specific roles within the administration but also togive advice and counsel on the policies and structure of how to best puttogether a team and enact a successful agenda," transition spokesman JasonMiller said Friday.Earlier this week, Giuliani and Bolton were described by people close to thetransition as the leading candidates.Giuliani, 72, was Trump's campaign-trail sidekick, delivering fiery speechesintroducing him. Giuliani earned his longtime friend's admiration by rippinginto Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton with gusto, offering biting critiques ofher physical health as well as what he described as her criminal record assecretary of state.Early on, Giuliani was seen as a shoo-in for a top administration position, andhe has openly campaigned for the state department. But news reports this weekabout Giuliani's extensive global business dealings in his decade-and-a-half outof public office raised red flags, all but ensuring a messy confirmation battle.Giuliani has made tens of millions of dollars as a consultant and speaker toforeign governments and shadowy international groups - an ironic juxtapositionto Clinton, whom Trump castigated for giving paid speeches and accepting foreigncontributions to the Clinton Foundation.Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, hasspoken out against Giuliani, as well as Bolton, and signaled that he mightfilibuster either man's nomination.Bolton, 67, supported Trump's candidacy, both with an outside super PAC and byappearing frequently on Fox News. In the last three Republican administrations,Bolton established himself as a hawkish voice on the far right - especially onthe Iraq War - and espoused views out of step with Trump's.As undersecretary for arms control in George W. Bush's State Department, Boltonwas a close ally of Vice President Richard B. Cheney - so much so that Secretaryof State Colin L. Powell came to regard him as Cheney's mole. When Bushnominated Bolton to be U.N. ambassador, he drew heat in the Senate, forcing thepresident to install him through a recess appointment.Romney, by contrast, could be seen by senators as a consensus alternative to themore polarizing Giuliani and Bolton. He plans to meet with Trump on Saturday atthe president-elect's golf club in Bedminster, N.J., for what has been billed asa general discussion about the transition. People close to Trump cautioned thathe may not necessarily extend a job offer to Romney - and even if he does, it isunclear whether Romney would accept.Since his presidential campaign, Romney, 69, is said to have thought aboutserving as secretary of state, going so far as to consider how he mightreorganize the notoriously inefficient Foggy Bottom headquarters and reimagineAmerica's role in the world.One of the more intriguing prospects is Haley, 44, a Republican star who hasleft little mark in the foreign-affairs community.Asked to describe her qualifications and worldview, some experts were at a lossfor words. Robert Zoellick, a former World Bank president who had been in lineto serve as Romney's secretary of state, joked in an email: "Am in the Canadianarctic viewing polar bears with my wife! Connectivity weak."Strobe Talbott, president of the Brookings Institution and a former deputysecretary of state under President Bill Clinton, said: "Wow. Wish I could help.I really don't know about her background in the field and hesitate tospeculate."Trump allies argued that what Haley lacks in traditional experience she makes upfor in other attributes. For one, Trump considers the well-prepared elites whohave run the nation's foreign affairs responsible for what he sees as decades offailure."There is a great value in fresh eyes," said South Carolina Lt. Gov. HenryMcMaster, who chaired Trump's primary campaign in the state and would ascend tothe governorship should Haley join the Cabinet. "She's a very quick study, and Ithink she has a good grip on the points and understands well Mr. Trump's visionand his goals."But Michael McFaul, a former U.S. ambassador to Russia under President Obama,dismissed the notion that a secretary of state with little expertise couldsucceed."Just as you wouldn't want someone with no training or previous experience tooperate on your body, fix your car, or repair your computer, you should not wantcompletely inexperienced people to protect our country and defend our nationalinterests," McFaul wrote in an email. "Treating these jobs as ones for amateursis amateurish and dangerous."Haley would bring diversity to Trump's Cabinet. She would make history as thefirst Indian American secretary of state - and it is not lost on Trump that hiscandidacy garnered a passionate following among some Indian Americans as well asin India.Haley led a 10-day state economic development trip to India in 2014, and thegovernor has taken similar trips to England, France, Germany and Japan."There's a lot of snooty talk about people being unqualified to be secretary ofstate, but being a governor or an elected politician is actually pretty goodpreparation for being a diplomat," said Kori Schake, a fellow at StanfordUniversity's Hoover Institution and a former Bush national security official whoopposed Trump.Schake added, "At a time in which many people in the United States and outsideit are worried about tolerance of not just the Trump administration but theAmerican voters who elected Trump, [Haley] would send a welcoming signal."philip.rucker@washpost.com