HIGHLIGHT: Move to roll back ban on earmarks draws criticism.WASHINGTON -- Some Democrats on Capitol Hill called their Republican colleagues'near-approval of a plan to roll back a 5-year-old ban on special projectearmarks a "cynical move" right after the presidential election.While many said they supported the idea, some did not hesitate to scoldRepublicans for being insincere barely a week after Donald Trump was elected ona pledge to root out Washington cronyism."To me, it's just a cynical display of politics as usual," said U.S. Rep. HankJohnson, D-Lithonia.Earmarks are "an issue that needs to be discussed," he said, "but for theRepublicans to try to pass it under the cover of a lame-duck session shows justhow cynical they were in using it as a campaign issue."U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri, a former state auditor and one of theDemocrats' most prominent earmark foes, said the behind-the-scenes action "isexactly what Americans are mad about."The reaction came less than 24 hours after Speaker Paul Ryan pumped the brakeson a proposal that would have brought back earmarks after GOP lawmakers appearedon the verge of approving it during a closed-door meeting.The Wisconsin Republican, who has supported the ban, promised to have a publicvetting of the issue in the new year."We're going to be spending the first quarter of 2017 figuring out just how wecan make sure we can restore the power, the purse, to the legislative branch tohold the unelected branch of government accountable," Ryan said Thursday.Supporters of lifting the ban said that with the right transparency measures inplace it would underscore the GOP's pledge to move power back to Congress froman "overreaching" executive branch, without costing additional money."Part of draining the swamp up here is getting back to the constitutional roleof government," said U.S. Rep. Doug Collins, R-Gainesville. "Part of drainingthe swamp is making sure that bureaucrats and unelected officials are notrunning the show like they are under the Obama administration."An earmark is money in a federal funding bill that lawmakers have chosen to setaside for a specific project. Under the current ban, members of Congress can nolonger dictate which individual endeavors the government should fund. Theyinstead can only appropriate pots of money for more general purposes, leaving itto federal agencies to determine which projects should get the funding.Fiscal conservatives are rallying against the effort to roll back the ban,framing it as a rebuke of the principles that delivered Trump to the WhiteHouse.The earmark ban went into effect in 2011, shortly after Republicans retookcontrol of the House on the tea party wave. Then-Speaker John Boehner hadcampaigned on the issue, capitalizing off pent-up frustration following years ofscandals involving such federal spending and epitomized by the infamous $400million "bridge to nowhere" in Alaska.These days, many lawmakers have complained that the ban has made the world ofgovernment spending more opaque and inefficient. Bridges and dams still need toget built and scientific research conducted at universities, many say, and whoknows the needs of a district better than its member of Congress?Many Democrats on Thursday indicated they were supportive of bringing thepractice back."I don't see why we give it all to the administration to make those decisions,"House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said.Atlanta Democratic U.S. Rep. John Lewis said before the practice was barred in2011, he was able to more easily secure federal funding for MARTA and highwayimprovement projects."I think different places suffered because we do not have the ability to have aline item to say 'this must be used for the improvement of metro Atlantatransportation system,' " he said.But Lewis said Congress also needs to discuss safeguards to prevent unfetteredpork barrel spending.