From the presidential campaign to the transition of power, fashion has been apoint of tension and protest - what people were wearing, where it was made, whowas selling it and what name was on the label.Hillary Clinton's white pantsuits had some folks recalling suffragettes, and herrainbow of matchy-matchy ensembles inspired others into a flash-mob dance. Theclothing and accessory businesses of Donald Trump and his daughter, Ivanka, drewboycotts in response to his derogatory statements about minorities, women andimmigrants.Since the election, Trump outrage has only grown in the fashion world. Evenbrands that don't bear the Trump name but whose executives voiced support forhis stance on trade policy have received a torrent of condemnation on socialmedia and beyond.Designer Sophie Theallet, who has dressed Michelle Obama, declared that she willtake a principled pass on dressing Melania Trump - if the soon-to-be first ladyshould ask for her help, that is. And Theallet encouraged other designers tofollow suit:"Our bottom line is not just about money," she wrote in an open letter lastweek. "The rhetoric of racism, sexism, and xenophobia unleashed by her husband'spresidential campaign are incompatible with the shared values we live by. Iencourage my fellow designers to do the same."So far, Melania Trump does not appear to have worked directly with any designerfor her public wardrobe - none are claiming credit for the clothes she has wornfor big public moments - but has instead shopped retail. So if Melania decidedto hop on Matchesfashion.com to buy a Theallet dress, there's nothing thedesigner could do about it. Theallet's point is that she will not create one-offgarments for Melania nor tout any association with the former model.In contrast, Patagonia is aiming to take a stand without being political. But isthat even possible?The privately held outdoor-gear clothier, whose catalogues feature wind-chappedathletes summiting mountain peaks, plans to donate 100 percent of its globalonline and in-store sales from Black Friday - the day after Thanksgiving,traditionally one of the biggest shopping days of the year - to environmentalcauses.The idea emerged from a brainstorming session as the company considered how torespond to the installation of a commander in chief who has called climatechange a myth. "We wanted to do something on Black Friday to make a bigstatement, to fund grass-roots activism and engagement," said Patagonia chiefexecutive Rose Marcario. "We shouldn't let anyone of any political stripedestroy our planet."Since 1985, the company has donated 1 percent of net annual sales toenvironmental causes. To date, it has raised about $74 million, with the typicaldonation to an organization being less than $25,000. Last year, about 800 groupsbenefited. Marcario estimates that Black Friday sales of its parkas, thermalunderwear and backpacks will bring in more than $2 million. In the past,Patagonia, which describes itself as an "activist company," has campaigned forclear labeling of genetically modified foods and for the removal of "old,derelict and particularly harmful dams.""I think most of our core customers understand what the brand is about,"Marcario said when asked whether the company was expecting blowback from Trumpsupporters.Meanwhile, a San Francisco marketing executive is telling folks to stand up forwhat they believe in by boycotting not just Trump brands but the retailers thatsell those brands, the folks who own those retailers and anything else thosetitans might control. Last month, Shannon Coulter launched #grabyourwallet, asocial-media campaign that includes a list of major retailers that carryTrump-branded merchandise, including Macy's, Bloomingdale's, Amazon, NeimanMarcus and Lord & Taylor."I've never boycotted before," Coulter said. But after seeing the "AccessHollywood" videotape, in which Trump made light of sexually assaulting women,she was browsing the Nordstrom website and saw pages of Ivanka Trumpmerchandise."The tipping point was when Ivanka Trump returned to the campaign trail,"Coulter said. "Professional women like myself had been willing to cut her a lotof slack. ... Regardless of political affiliation, she's his daughter." But themore Ivanka promoted her father under the umbrella of empowering women, the moreCoulter fumed. Her boycott list was born.And it has only gotten longer. It's focused not simply on protesting a brand butan entire web of people and industries. (She considered boycotting TheWashington Post because owner Jeffrey P. Bezos also owns Amazon, which sellsIvanka Trump dresses and Donald Trump ties. But after conducting an online poll,Coulter decided not to target the newspaper because she respected itsinvestigative reporting during the campaign.) In Coulter's perfect world, shewould be able to "shop the stores I love with a clear conscience and no badmemories." She has had several victories, including Shoes.com tweeting that ithad removed Ivanka Trump footwear from its website.On Black Friday, Coulter plans to enlist her supporters to flood thecustomer-service lines of targeted stores to ask them to dump their Trumpmerchandise.In the aftermath of the election, it's not just Trump products in thebull's-eye. It's also New Balance sneakers. The company manufactures in theUnited States and has opposed the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement."The Obama administration turned a deaf ear to us and frankly, withPresident-elect Trump, we feel things are going to move in the right direction,"Matthew LeBretton, New Balance's vice president of public affairs, said in aninterview with the Wall Street Journal. Those remarks inspired some folks topost photos of themselves on social media tossing their New Balance sneakersinto the trash.Fashion is not just about economics, aesthetics, culture. It's now a litmus testfor one's politics.robin.givhan@washpost.com