Officials, activists, immigrants worry about future of 'sanctuary city'Less than 24 hours after issuing a statement meant to quell immigrant fears ofdeportation under Donald Trump's incoming administration, D.C. Mayor Muriel E.Bowser emerged from a community meeting in Mount Pleasant to a throng of angryactivists."I don't feel safe." "I'm undocumented." "We're facing a fascist maniac."Amid their shouts, demonstrators said they wanted   Bowser to denounce Trump'simmigration policies in the strong terms used by leaders of other large U.S.cities."I appreciate the anxiety people feel, but your anger should not be addressed toyour mayor," said Bowser, a Democrat and Hillary Clinton supporter during thepresidential election. "Because your mayor has stood up in every case for thiscommunity, period. I have asserted firmly that we are a sanctuary city, and ourpolicies are clear."The crowd, which one protester said was about 100 strong, began chanting, "Notenough."The extraordinary encounter was captured on video Tuesday night at MountPleasant Neighborhood Library, in the heart of neighborhoods that for decadeshave absorbed waves of Central American immigrants. It was a gauge of tensionsthat have gripped the District since Nov. 8, when Trump claimed the presidencyover the opposition of   more than 9 in 10 voters in his new city.A liberal and ethnically diverse capital that has basked for eight years in theaura of the first African American family to occupy the White House - a familywhose taste in restaurants, gyms and farmers markets became a source of localgossip and pride - will have as its most famous occupant a man who decried thecriminality of immigrants and railed against the conditions of inner cities.With the departure of President Obama, the District will also lose its mostpowerful defender against the whims of a Republican-dominated Congress, whichwill find itself newly empowered to assert control over the city's budget andlegislation in a way it has seldom been able to do over the past decade.And with two months remaining before Trump assumes office, D.C. electedofficials are struggling to calibrate their stance toward this new reality. Thedebate mirrors those discussions across the country among Trump opponents whoare divided over whether conciliation or defiance is best.D.C. Council member David Grosso (I-At Large) said the District is probably infor a rough ride under Trump, no matter what public posture it adopts toward theWhite House."We already are a target," he said. "That's the challenge. The District ofColumbia is right here."In no subject has the city's anxieties been more vividly displayed than onimmigration. In a much-publicized plan for his first 100 days in office, Trumppromises to strip all federal funding from "sanctuary cities," where politicalleaders have decided that local law enforcement will not collaborate withfederal officials to deport illegal immigrants.Such a punishment would be severely felt in Washington, which relies on directfederal funding for 25 percent of its budget. In New York, by contrast, thefigure is 9 percent. Cities other than the District also receive a certainamount of indirect federal funding that is funneled through their states.The District "is very dependent on the federal government for large parts of itsbudget and its ability to govern itself," said Luis Fraga, a political-scienceprofessor and co-director of the Institute for Latino Studies at the Universityof Notre Dame. "What may be a symbolic issue in some communities is much moreserious in Washington."A sense of that risk has been evident in D.C. elected officials' measured tonewhen discussing the potential effects of a Trump administration.The mayors of other "sanctuary cities" have called news conferences in the wakeof the election to reassure undocumented residents, with Mayor Bill de Blasio ofNew York vowing that "we're not going to take anything lying down."Bowser, however, issued a three-sentence statement Monday night reaffirming theDistrict's "sanctuary city" status in language that some activists say wastepid."We were like, 'This is very lukewarm. We need more,'" said Claudia Barragan,describing the reaction among her fellow immigration activists."Our frustration came from the fact that she hadn't come out vocally inaffirming D.C. was a sanctuary city," said Barragan, who was among theprotesters at the library Tuesday night and who filmed the confrontation withBowser. "Meanwhile, we've been hearing in the news from Rahm Emanuel in Chicago,from the mayors in New York and Seattle."Not all Latino community leaders agree. Jaime Contreras, head of the CapitalArea District of 32BJ Service Employees International Union - which representsjanitors, security guards and other building-maintenance workers - said themayor's statement had reassured his members, many of whom have undocumentedfriends or relatives."I don't know how much more clear she can make it," Contreras said. Heacknowledged, however, that "a press conference would have been great."On Saturday, Bowser convened a conference call to allay D.C. residents'persistent concerns about the election outcome. Organizers said the call hadabout 5,000 participants."We will stand in opposition, strong opposition, to any policies that threatenour values," Bowser said, adding that in her interactions with the Trumpadministration she would also "continue to seek common ground on the things thatwould be helpful to our city, like creating more jobs, more pathways to themiddle class and investments in our infrastructure."Bowser said her staff was evaluating the potential effects of Trump's statedpolicies - including his threat to withhold federal funding from sanctuarycities - but that the task was challenging because Trump has not releaseddetailed proposals.Bowser said she intended to request a meeting with the president-elect "at theappropriate time" to discuss District priorities. She said she wanted to discussstatehood, the importance of preserving the Affordable Care Act and improvingthe Metro transit system, in addition to discussing residents' other concerns.Immigration is not the sole issue that has prompted debate among D.C. officialsabout how to approach Trump. At a Tuesday breakfast meeting, council membersargued over whether the city should spend the customary amount on a viewingstand in front of city hall for Trump's inaugural parade.Council member Charles Allen (D-Ward 6) said he supported cutting wastefulspending on the parade bleachers but that city officials should tread carefully.It was, he said, "not in the city's interest to just kind of give the middlefinger to the president-elect."D.C. Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton (D), the District's long-serving congressionalrepresentative, acknowledged residents' fears but said it was too early topredict what the 45th president would mean for the city."I regard Trump as basically a blank policy slate," she said. "I'm not expectinganything."peter.jamison@washpost.com