Rep. Barbara Comstock, reelected on Nov. 8 in the battleground communities ofthe District's western Virginia suburbs, really knows the 10th CongressionalDistrict.With roughly 70 percent of the district's voters residing in Fairfax and Loudouncounties, the first-term incumbent had to walk a careful line during this yearof Donald Trump. For most of the campaign, Comstock neither broke with theRepublican nominee nor sang his praises, hoping to avoid losing the support ofboth potential swing voters and Trump loyalists.Without considerable approval among those in each group, Comstock might not havewon the district, which four years ago had split 50 percent for Republicanpresidential nominee Mitt Romney and 49 percent for President Obama. With itsdecidedly purple hue, both Democrats and Republicans recognized Virginia's 10thas an unusually vulnerable seat in the nation's highly gerrymandered Congress,where nearly every district was drawn to be either safely Democratic or safelyRepublican.As a result, more than $11.6 million in campaign cash poured into the 10thDistrict, leading to nasty advertising wars and very aggressive voter outreachefforts from McLean to the West Virginia border.But when a recording emerged of Trump bragging about groping women, theRepublican nominee went from being a drag to being an anchor, threatening tosink Comstock's reelection. Wisely, she cut Trump loose, saying that she couldnot support him and saying that she preferred Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, theRepublican vice-presidential nominee, to Trump.As a result, there was more than a little tension between Trump Republicans andComstock Republicans working within the district at political events during thecampaign's final weeks.In the end, Comstock demonstrated that she was far more popular in the districtthan Trump was. Virginia's 10th Congressional District has 200 precincts, andComstock received more votes than Trump in every single one of them.More often than not, Comstock's advantage over Trump was substantial. Trump camewithin  five percentage points of Comstock in only eight of those 200 precincts,and all of those eight lie in the deep-red areas of rural Frederick and Clarkecounties. In 110 of those 200 precincts, Comstock ran ahead of Trump by 10percentage points or more.Nowhere was this disparity more evident than in wealthy inside-the-Beltwayprecincts included in the 10th District. In Chain Bridge and Langley, forexample, Comstock earned the support of 53 percent and 56 percent of the votes,respectively. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton won these sameFairfax County precincts by 16-point margins.The Rolling Ridge precinct of Loudoun County, on the other hand, was LuAnnBennett territory. The Democratic challenger received more than 64 percent ofthe vote there, making it one of her best precincts. Comstock's total there wasslightly less than 35 percent, but that was far better than Trump's 27 percentshare of the vote in Rolling Ridge.Trump - who lost the 10th District overall - did very well in the Russellprecinct in Clarke County, where he received two-thirds of the vote. But here,too, Comstock did better: She received 72 percent of the vote in the precinct,the largest one in Clarke County, just west of Loudoun.While Trump's economic-reform message resonated with many Virginians, the themewas most effective in more financially troubled parts of the state, likeSouthside  and southwest Virginia. Simply put, a Republican presidentialcandidate saying that the jobs of many federal workers and governmentcontractors might be in jeopardy is not an asset for a Republican congressionalincumbent facing a strong challenger in Northern Virginia.As the electoral college demonstrates, Trump's message hit in enough places inthe nation overall to make him the winner. But the controversial candidate was amuch tougher sell in Virginia's 10th District.Comstock acted accordingly and won a second term.Stephen J. Farnsworth is a professor of political science at the University ofMary Washington, where he directs the Center for Leadership and Media Studies.Stephen Hanna is a professor of geography at the University of Mary Washington.