Lawrence Lessig is a professor at Harvard Law School and the author of"Republic, Lost: Version 2.0." In 2015, he was a candidate in the Democraticpresidential primary.Conventional wisdom tells us that the electoral college requires that the personwho lost the popular vote this year must nonetheless become our president. Thatview is an insult to our framers. It is compelled by nothing in ourConstitution. It should be rejected by anyone with any understanding of ourdemocratic traditions - most important, the electors themselves.The framers believed, as Alexander Hamilton put it, that "the sense of thepeople should operate in the choice of the [president]." But no nation had evertried that idea before. So the framers created a safety valve on the people'schoice. Like a judge reviewing a jury verdict, where the people voted, theelectoral college was intended to confirm - or not - the people's choice.Electors were to apply, in Hamilton's words, "a judicious combination of all thereasons and inducements which were proper to govern their choice" - and thendecide. The Constitution says nothing about "winner take all." It says nothingto suggest that electors' freedom should be constrained in any way. Instead,their wisdom - about whether to overrule "the people" or not - was to be free ofpolitical control yet guided by democratic values. They were to be citizensexercising judgment, not cogs turning a wheel.Many think we should abolish the electoral college. I'm not convinced that weshould. Properly understood, the electors can serve an important function. Whatif the people elect  a Manchurian candidate? Or a child rapist? What if evidenceof massive fraud pervades a close election? It is a useful thing to have a bodyconfirm the results of a democratic election - so long as that body exercisesits power reflectively and conservatively. Rarely - if ever - should it veto thepeople's choice. And if it does, it needs a very good reason.So, do the electors in 2016 have such a reason?Only twice in our past has the electoral college selected a president againstthe will of the people - once in the 19thcentury and once on the cusp of the21st. (In 1824, it was Congress that decided the election for John Quincy Adams;likewise in 1876, it was Congress that gave disputed electoral college votes toRutherford B. Hayes.)In 1888, Benjamin Harrison lost the popular vote to Grover Cleveland but won inthe electoral college, only because Boss Tweed's Tammany Hall turned New Yorkaway from the reformer Cleveland (by fewer than 15,000 votes). In 2000, GeorgeW. Bush lost the popular vote by a tiny fraction - half a percent - and beat AlGore in the electoral college by an equally small margin - less than 1 percent.In both cases, the result violated what has become one of the most importantprinciples governing our democracy- one person, one vote. In both cases, thevotes of some weighed much more heavily than the votes of others. Today, thevote of a citizen in Wyoming is four times as powerful as the vote of a citizenin Michigan. The vote of a citizen in Vermont is three times as powerful as avote in Missouri. This denies Americans the fundamental value of arepresentative democracy - equal citizenship. Yet nothing in our Constitutioncompels this result.Instead, if the electoral college is to control who becomes our president, weshould take it seriously by understanding its purpose precisely. It is not meantto deny a reasonable judgment by the people. It is meant to be a circuit breaker- just in case the people go crazy.In this election, the people did not go crazy. The winner, by far, of thepopular vote is the most qualified candidate for president in more than ageneration. Like her or not, no elector could have a good-faith reason to voteagainst her because of her qualifications. Choosing her is thus plainly withinthe bounds of a reasonable judgment by the people.Yet that is not the question the electors must weigh as they decide how to casttheir ballots. Instead, the question they must ask themselves is whether thereis any good reason to veto the people's choice.There is not. And indeed, there is an especially good reason for them not tonullify what the people have said- the fundamental principle of one person, onevote. We are all citizens equally. Our votes should count equally. And sincenothing in our Constitution compels a decision otherwise, the electors shouldrespect the equal vote by the people by ratifying it on Dec. 19.They didn't in 1888 - when Tammany Hall ruled New York and segregation was thelaw of the land. And they didn't in 2000 - when in the minds of most, theelection was essentially a tie. Those are plainly precedents against HillaryClinton.But the question today is which precedent should govern today - Tammany Hall andBush v. Gore , or one person, one vote?The framers left the electors free to choose. They should exercise that choiceby leaving the election as the people decided it: in Clinton's favor.