Attorney Laurel Bellows joined 900 women from 60 countries for the InternationalWomen's Forum annual conference in Chicago this fall. At every lunch and dinner,she says, the conversation turned to the mistreatment of Hillary Clinton duringher campaign for president. "Women from all over the world asked, 'Why isn't sherespected?' "The misogyny issue has galvanized professional women in Chicago. Many worked ona political campaign for the first time-by hosting or going to fundraisers,making phone calls, getting on buses, knocking on doors, writingbigger-than-usual checks, registering voters and talking about this unfairnessat work and at play.It's not OK, they said, that the nation discussed the color of Clinton'spantsuits and whether they made her look fat. It's not OK that Donald Trumpcalled women pigs, dogs, slobs, disgusting animals. It's not OK that, during thedebates, he talked over Clinton and branded her a "nasty woman." It's not OKthat the president-elect bragged, in a 2005 video, that he'd groped women, whichhe dismissed as locker room talk. It's not OK that women who came forward to saythey'd been sexually assaulted by Trump were not believed.Professional women say they've faced the same sexism and sexual harassment inthe workplace, and spoke up for and donated time and money to Clinton's campaignin the hope that her election would bring change. Now that she has lost,outraged professionals are donating money to Emily's List, Planned Parenthoodand other rights groups; volunteering; speaking out; and banding together in newways to ensure that women's workplace and reproductive rights are not lost.For example, the Chicago Network, an invite-only nonpartisan organization forfemale leaders, hosted an audience-included roundtable Nov. 17 to discuss issuesmost important to women over the next four years. These Chicago professionals,including Vermillion restaurant founder Rohini Dey and media consultant JoyceWinnecke, insist on having a voice in national policy and agenda; highlights ofthat discussion are to be shared with the Trump White House.Two rallies are planned for Jan. 21, the day after the inauguration: the Women'sMarch on Washington and a parallel event in Chicago. Hundreds of Chicago-areawomen are said to be participating.Bellows, who specializes in separation agreements, says she's seen sexism herentire career, writing the send-offs for female executives passed over duringcorporate mergers. To try to ensure Clinton's election, she set aside eighthours per week, in one- and two-hour blocks, to make fundraising calls. "Iwasn't persuading anyone; I was reaching out to friends, asking them to give. Isaid, 'Don't buy the boots this fall; give everything you can.' Then I askedthem to call 30 of their friends and say the same."Lincoln Park real estate agent Debra Dobbs took action after griping with fellowbrokers at open houses earlier this year. "We're impassioned, invigorated andvery angry. This is a woman who is a brilliant strategist, who says women'srights are human rights. How dare they talk about her haircut, that she lookstired? It's wrong!" To support Clinton, Dobbs proposed to fellow professionals a$500-per-person get-out-the-vote campaign with the aim of raising $150,000 to beused in swing states.'THEY GOT ON BUSES'Democratic campaign officials locally saw a new kind of activist. Women, andmen, poured in, says Lauren Beth Gash, founding chair of the 10th CongressionalDistrict Democrats, which has seven offices on the North Shore. "They were movedto do something. They're Democratic voters who used to yell at the TV. They goton buses, they knocked on doors, they made phone calls-even when they saidthey're uncomfortable making phone calls. They were so angry at the way she wastreated and feared a Trump presidency. They were newly energized; we had notrouble getting volunteers."In Lincoln Park, 43rd Ward Committeewoman Lucy Moog saw the same uptick atcampaign offices, with people walking in on their way home from work. "Theywould say, 'I'm not even a political person, but this is infuriating to me, andI need to do something.' They went to Iowa, they canvassed, they made phonecalls. Blood was boiling."Among her activists: Laura Kofoid, who described herself as "jacked up" overClinton's mistreatment. "I can relate to what's happening to Hillary Clintonbecause I experienced it" in business school and in the corporate world, saysKofoid, a Harvard MBA who worked in brand management at Procter & Gamble and nowowns Laudi Vidni, a custom leather handbag store in Lincoln Park. "Are you toobuttoned-up? Too prepared? How are you dressed? I talk about this with anyonewho will listen."In the weeks before the election, in Skokie, 120 women of all ages looking toget involved in the political process stopped in at Mom + Baby biweekly eventshosted by its founding president, insurance broker Alexandra Eidenberg. Theycame in because they were appalled by what happened during the campaign, shesays, and stayed to talk about equal pay, family leave, jobs and career, thefuture. "There's a lot of fear in the mom market."Elsewhere on the North Shore, some mothers of adult women said this was the mostimportant election of their lives, a defining moment that sparked theiractivism. "I was horrified by the misogyny in this campaign and felt the need tospeak up," says Nancy Fredman Krent, a consultant and retired attorney inHighland Park who has three daughters. She'd always been interested in politics,but this was her first outing in a campaign office, where she made phone callsand input data. She volunteered 10-15 hours per week.Ditto the formerly apolitical Nita Dean, mother of an adult daughter, who hasworked in management and sales for a chemical distributor and now runs aninterior design business out of her Fox Lake home. She still feels the sting ofsexism she endured in the workplace and wanted to see a woman president. Shespent 30 hours a week registering voters, assigning volunteers, and sellingbuttons and yard signs.Nationwide, not all professional women are in the anti-Trump camp and feelmobilized to act. According to the Washington Post's exit polling, 45 percent ofwhite women with college degrees voted for Trump. But in Cook County, Clintonoutperformed Trump by more than 50 percentage points among all voters (and wecan assume nearly half were women), according to the Chicago Tribune.The upside? Clinton's experience has become a teachable moment for workplaceconsultants. "How would you handle 51 interruptions; what do you do?" asksAndrea Kramer, an attorney at McDermott Will & Emery and co-author of "BreakingThrough Bias: Communication Techniques for Women to Succeed at Work."With her husband, Alton Harris, Kramer hosted fundraisers for Catherine CortezMasto, a Democrat who won the U.S. Senate seat in Nevada being vacated by HarryReid. The couple also donated money weekly to women and men whose election wouldhave given Clinton an easier time in office."Every day in my office-in business meetings, at political events-we're talkingabout and identifying the misogyny that exists in our day-to-day interactionswith clients and each other," Kramer says. "With this election, it'stop-of-mind."