While most of the world is talking about new U.S. President-elect Donald Trumpand what it all means to the world and to the nation, others are looking toanother race that will make a lot of news in coming months.I'm talking about the race to succeed Rick Snyder as governor of Michigan.Yes, I know. The newly elected president is not even in office, and I dare tomention the "Next Big Thing." But people are already picking sides andcandidates for primaries in August 2018.And most important of all, they're out trying to raise money. Lots of it. Youcan't cover the state with just one television station or one newspaperadvertising "buy," so the money will spread out for a lot of candidates.My guess is that it will be a fierce campaign - even in the primary. And chancesare pretty good that there will be plenty of mudslinging as well. I fear thatthat will become the norm for a while.Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette has been running for quite a while; heseems to be spending all of his energy trying to promote the idea that ourgovernor is responsible for the water pollution in Flint. (They're members ofthe same political party.) This tactic will probably backfire, in my opinion.Lt. Gov. Brian Calley is quietly waiting, perhaps until he is unleashed by thegovernor sometime soon.It is rumored that the best vote-getter in the state, Republican Candice Miller,has vowed to stand aside and let her good friend and ally Mark Hackel run on theDemocratic ticket. What happens if he does not get the nomination is anyone'sguess. Not to mention that Miller has a new job this fall anyway, cleaning upthe water department in Macomb County.Other names are mentioned for the Democrats, including Dan Kildee of Flint(another candidate who can run on what went wrong in Flint) and GretchenWhitmer, a former lawmaker and daughter of former Blue Cross CEO Dick Whitmer.I have no doubt we'll be hearing about other new candidates just about everyweek. There seems to be no clear path to the nomination by either party.My guess is the primary battles may be more interesting than the final campaign.If you thought there was a recession in our state, guess again. Like thepresidential election, these candidates will be able to raise millions ofdollars. When Snyder was re-elected in 2014, the campaign spending on both sideswas pegged at $30 million.I guess it will never end. It's what we call a democracy.