LIMA, Peru - One local radio host declared President Obama's motorcade"impressive," and Peruvians gathered along the streets to watch it roll by.But for the most part, the crowds turning out to see the outgoing Americanpresident on his final foreign trip were smaller and quieter than on hisprevious outings. Those audiences were just one sign that Obama's week-longvaledictory journey had turned into less of a celebratory goodbye tour and moreof a bittersweet farewell for a president whose worldview is now under siege.At each stop - in Greece, Germany and Peru - Obama talked about the importanceof respect for democratic norms and ensuring a smooth transition of power toPresident-elect Donald Trump, whom he mocked and dismissed for months. He madefond remarks about a few longtime allies, telling German Chancellor AngelaMerkel that he wished he "could be there to lighten her load" as she carries ontheir shared vision of a more inclusive West.The president voiced optimism about the "strong handoff" he's giving Trump andabout the future course of global events. But he also fretted about the rise ofa "crude nationalism" that has gained currency worldwide, and the fact thatsocial-media discourse makes no distinction between fact and fiction.Throughout it all, Obama made appeals to Trump as he fended off questions abouthow his successor would rewrite U.S. policy on trade, immigration, theenvironment and other issues. At one point, he plaintively predicted thatreality would force Trump to adjust his approach to problems he has promisedvoters he would easily solve."And I've said before, if these issues were easy - if ensuring prosperity, jobs,security, good foreign relations with other countries - if all that was simple,then it would have been done by every previous president," he said at a newsconference Sunday. "And I'm a pretty good presidential historian; I've looked atmy 43 predecessors, and it seems like for all of them - even the best ones -that you end up confronting realities that you didn't anticipate."Obama faced the same predicament as both of his immediate predecessors: He hopedto make one final mark on the world stage even as a very different president,from the other party, waited in the wings.Bill Clinton journeyed to Ireland and Britain, in part to make the case for theNorthern Ireland peace accord that his administration had brokered. But he endedup staying up most of the night while visiting then-Prime Minister Tony Blairand his wife, Cherie Blair, at Chequers, watching Vice President Al Gore concedethe 2000 presidential election after the Supreme Court's ruling on the outcomein Florida.Although George W. Bush emerged the victor that December day, he experienced aneven more fraught final trip eight years later, when he journeyed to Iraq andAfghanistan to visit U.S. troops and negotiate the withdrawal of forces fromIraq. Standing at a news conference beside then-Iraqi Prime Minister Nourial-Maliki, Bush was nearly hit by a shoe thrown by a reporter, Muntadharal-Zaidi - the worst expression of contempt in Iraq."This is a farewell kiss!" Zaidi yelled at first, unsuccessfully throwing asecond shoe before Iraqi security officers tackled him.For Obama, the crowds were friendlier than they were for Bush - but they weremuch smaller than when he started his political rise in 2008.As he traversed Athens for a day and a half, the city's residents were barelyvisible - largely because of security measures imposed by the Greek government.Some Greeks stood by the roadside for a glimpse of Obama's motorcade, but fewwaved, and it was nearly impossible to spot the enthusiastic handmade signs thathad invariably popped up along Obama's route in world capitals as well as smallAmerican towns.The president had been scheduled to deliver his "big speech" of the trip withthe iconic Athens landscape as the backdrop, but weather concerns forced itindoors. As a result, Obama made his pitch for addressing global inequitiesinside a brand-new and well-appointed concert hall, whose very construction amidan ongoing economic crisis rankled ordinary Greeks.The night Obama arrived, Katarina Sarficka, a Slovakian tourist, asked youngpeople on the street whether they were gathering to see the American president -only to learn they were using the occasion to demonstrate their opposition toglobalization. "They were protesting their own government," she said.Greek author and journalist Yannis Palaiologos noted that Greeks' view of theUnited States has improved under Obama's tenure; there were far worse riots whenClinton came in 1999. But "there is considerable fatigue and fatalism among thepeople regarding the prospects of the country - a sense accentuated by thevictory of Donald Trump, which took a lot of the air, in terms of substance, outof Obama's visit."Jeff Shesol, a Clinton speechwriter who traveled with him on his last trip, saidthere's "a cognitive dissonance" that happens once someone has been selected totake the president's place."You still have some say over the course of events, but the center of action iselsewhere, and the focus of action is elsewhere," Shesol said. "In the run-up toelection, there's always a sense of being on marked time, but there is stillonly one president. When there's a president-elect, it's different. And whenthat person is vowing to undo much of what you've done, it is much, much worse."In many ways, it was the shock of Trump's win that appeared to reverberateacross every country Obama visited, despite the distance between them. In Lima,taxi driver Alfredo Baca said that Latin America has "demagogues, but this isthe United States."Still, he said he understands that Americans' frustration could translate into ashift in direction. "It's the laws of physics: For every action, there is anequal and opposite reaction."Many world leaders appeared sorry to see Obama go. The normally unsentimentalMerkel, who has made no secret of her concerns about Trump's commitment toliberal social values, remarked during their joint news conference, "Now, takingleave from my partner and friend, well, yes, it is hard."Obama heaped appreciation on his closest allies and worked to cultivate youngerleaders who could carry on some of the efforts he has pursued over the pasteight years. Sitting next to Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in aconference room in Lima, with the Canadian and American flags draped behindthem, the president spoke approvingly about his younger counterpart's work onclimate change and humanitarian causes such as refugee resettlement."So I have to say that there are few leaders around the world who I thinkcombine vision and talent and values the way that Justin does," he said. "And Iam very much looking forward to his continued leadership in the years to come."And although Europeans appeared weary after struggling with unrelentingeconomic, security and social challenges for the past decade, Peru gave Obamasome cause for optimism. His last public event of the trip was a town hallmeeting with 1,000 young people, including 100 participants in the new YoungLeaders of the Americas Initiative. The administration program, which hascounterparts in Africa and Asia, aims to train the next generation of globalactivists through exchanges with the United States.Pacing a stage in the middle of the gym at Lima's Pontifical CatholicUniversity, his jacket off, Obama spent an hour answering questions fromstudents. He noted that half of the global population was younger than 30, andafter meeting members of that age cohort from "around the world, it makes mevery optimistic to know that you are going to be in charge."They cheered when he said that girls need to be told often that "they're smart,and you got to tell them they're ambitious, and you have to give themopportunity." They laughed when he said he would "not be attempting theMarinera" because his wife is a better dancer. And they seemed to share hisimpatience when he told them that they should begin organizing now rather thanwaiting until they held political office."Don't wait, saying to yourself, 'Oh, someday, when I'm president of Peru, I'mgoing to help poor children,' " he said. "If you care about the environment,don't wait."Shortly afterward, Obama wrapped up the town hall meeting, singer Marc Anthony's"Vivir Mi Vida" blasted through the gym's speakers, and Obama moved aroundshaking hands. Many in the audience held up smartphones and took one last roundof images of an American president making his exit from the world stage.juliet.eilperin@washpost.com