While watching the results of the presidential election with my fellow SpelmanCollege students, there were many tears. Many of us voted, but a faction told usthey didn't vote out of protest, saying they were fed up with both parties andthe establishment in general. As a civil rights activist, I searched for wordsto inspire them after it was clear that Donald Trump won the electoral vote, butI was also battling my own rage that anyone wouldn't exercise their right tovote.For the past few months, as the national youth director of the National ActionNetwork, I've been urging young people in Atlanta and across the country tovote, regardless of party favorites or preferred candidate. It wasn't easy. Manymillennials, particularly African Americans, feel disconnected to government anddistrustful of those in power. The issues these voters cared about most --reforming law enforcement practices, creating affordable education and improvingrace relations -- were missing from national debates and media coverage.This disengagement is not new. Young people have pushed away from the politicalprocess for decades. In 2012, roughly half of all eligible people ages 18-29voted, about the same as 2008. Boosting that number means translating politicalengagement on social media into action on the streets and at the polls.Since the last election, there have been many social media activists but notenough people on the streets, such as at peaceful demonstrations or even inmeetings with elected officials. Strong campaigns surfaced on social media, suchas #BlackWomenVote and #RockTheVote, but retweeting isn't the same as voting. Weneed to take our participation to a higher level.We must organize and stand behind civil rights organizations more than everbefore. We have to reach across party lines to make sure we have a seat at thetable. We are all Americans and need to figure out how to come together.We need to look at how the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. rallied people. We can'tbe divisive. That's why civil rights organizations matter. There are goals andan agenda -- not anger and hate. Over the next four years, NAN will continue tofight for an end to police violence, a strong economy and high-quality schools.Just a day after the election, I held a series of calls with young people tomobilize them around civil rights issues. On Inauguration Day, we plan to handthe new president a list of the changes we need to see most.A lot of young people said they were upset because Bernie Sanders lost theDemocratic primary, but many of them didn't even vote in the primary. Researchshows that the overall Democratic turnout was 14 percent, less than in 2008. Ifmillennials had taken his campaign and the race more seriously, then HillaryClinton might not have been the nominee.It's time to get serious about our future. More than 69 million millennials areeligible to vote, about the same number as Baby Boomers. Let's be proactive andnot wait for another tragedy before we rally for change. There is a time to sitand a time to stand. It's time to stand.Mary-Pat Hector is a freshman at Spelman College and the national youth directorfor civil rights group National Action Network. This was the first time she waseligible to vote for president.