They fear administration will back  steps to limit   voting by certain groupsVoting   rights advocates are furious at President-elect Donald Trump's baselessclaims of widespread voter fraud and concerned that his administration will morevigorously adopt measures that will make it harder for some groups of people tovote.Some state and local election officials in recent years have cited the potentialfor voter fraud as the reason for enacting strict voter-ID laws, requiringadditional verification for people who want to register to vote and conductingmass purges of voter rolls. Trump's promotion of the widely debunked notion oframpant voter fraud and the presence in his inner circle of political leaderswho supported stricter voting laws send a troubling signal, say advocates whohave spent the past several years fighting what they say are efforts todisenfranchise minorities and young, elderly and low-income voters."They don't want us to participate in this democracy," said Cristóbal J. Alex,president of the Latino Victory Project. "We are gearing up for what will be thebiggest fight of our lifetime."In the weeks leading up to the Nov. 8 election, Trump often claimed that theelection would be "rigged" and urged his supporters to monitor polling places in"certain areas." Trump was elected president by racking up the most electoralvotes, but Democrat Hillary Clinton's lead in the popular vote has continued togrow. That prompted the president-elect to fire off a series of tweets on Sundaypushing a baseless allegation that Clinton won the popular vote because of"millions of people who voted illegally." He specifically cited, withoutproviding evidence, irregularities that he said took place in California, NewHampshire and Ohio.Referring to that most recent comment, Sen. Bernie Sanders (Vt.), who during hisDemocratic presidential campaign often accused Republicans of engaging in votersuppression, said, "When you've got this delusional, crazy tweet from thepresident-elect, you are sending a signal to the entire administration thattheir goal is to go forward and suppress the vote."Trump's transition office did not respond to a request for comment on Tuesday.Trump spokesman Jason Miller declined to say at a Monday news briefing whetherthe president-elect's Justice Department would ask state or federal lawenforcement to investigate allegations of illegal voting but said there is"concern that so many have voted who were not legally supposed to."Among those concerned about the Trump administration's approach is Chris Carson,president of the League of Women Voters, who said last week in a statement onthe group's website, "This election was rigged." But she was referring to whatshe and other advocates describe as "voter suppression."In an interview this week, Carson cited Ohio, where, in violation of federallaw, officials dropped 400,000 voters from the rolls because they had not castballots in recent elections. The league sued, and a federal court ordered thevoters reinstated a few weeks before the election. Carson said league membersscrambled to call as many voters as they could.The league also sued to block the states of Kansas, Alabama and Georgia fromrequiring people to show proof of citizenship to register to vote. "We're notgoing to sit here and accept ... that we can just willy-nilly restrict the rightof eligible citizens to vote," she said.Many of the laws that advocates have fought were put in place after the SupremeCourt's 2013 decision striking down a section of the 1965 Voting Rights Act thatrequired states with a history of discrimination against minority voters to seekthe Justice Department's approval before making changes in voting laws andprocedures. A law in North Carolina that required voters to show a specific typeof ID, cut out a week of early voting and called for other restrictions wasstruck down by a federal court in July, which described it as "the mostrestrictive voting law North Carolina has seen since the era of Jim Crow."Kristen Clarke, president and executive director of the Lawyers' Committee forCivil Rights Under Law, said the group's Election Protection coalition wascontacted by 117,000 voters and would-be voters who had problems during theelection cycle. "We did not receive any complaints of voter fraud, but wereceived plenty of complaints of elections officials requiring identificationwhere there was no such requirement in place, of polling machinesmalfunctioning, of individuals brandishing weapons at polling sites, of studentsbeing told they were not eligible to vote," she said."To suggest that vote fraud is rampant across our country invites states to putin place laws making voting more difficult, and that is incrediblyanti-democratic," she said.Wendy Weiser, director of the Democracy Program at the Brennan Center forJustice at the New York University School of Law, said the Trump administrationcould change the voting landscape in a few ways. They include not filinglawsuits against states in which voter suppression is alleged, pressing for moreaggressive purges of voter rolls or trying to push legislation through Congress,Weiser said.The president-elect's statements and some appointments and Cabinet nominationsthat he has made have been of particular concern to groups that fear that aTrump administration could move to suppress voting among black, Hispanic,elderly, young and rural voters. They are worried about Trump's nomination ofSen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) to be attorney general and his appointment of KansasSecretary of State Kris Kobach, an anti-illegal-immigration hard-liner, to histransition team. Kobach also has pushed rules - which were challenged in court -that would require proof of citizenship for those seeking to register to vote.And they fear that a Trump appointee to the Supreme Court could undermine votingrights.Representatives for Sessions and Kobach declined to answer questions or did notrespond to emails from The Washington Post.Sessions's nomination to the federal bench was rejected in 1986 in part becauseof a voting rights case he handled while U.S. attorney in Alabama. Sessions'soffice alleged then that three black civil rights activists in Perry County,Ala., had tampered with absentee ballots. The activists argued that they changedthe ballots with the consent of elderly and illiterate voters and that they werebeing targeted to suppress the black vote.Kobach is one of the nation's foremost advocates for adding more requirementsfor people to vote or register to vote. He is considered a possible candidatefor a Trump Cabinet post."Given the troubling rhetoric and records of the president-elect and his nomineefor attorney general, I am deeply concerned that the Trump administration willuse totally unsubstantiated claims of voter fraud of this nature to make it moredifficult for citizens to vote," said Rep. John Conyers Jr. (D-Mich.), whoparticipated in the 1963 voter registration drive known as Freedom Day in Selma,Ala.But Francis De Luca, president of the Civitas Institute, has filed a federallawsuit in North Carolina asking that ballots cast by people who used same-dayregistration not be counted until those people can be verified as eligiblevoters.De Luca waved off Trump's comments about voter fraud as "over the top," but hesaid he does think that there is "a lot more voter fraud than is reported."He said he supports strict voter-ID laws and other measures that protect theelectoral process. "You have to show ID to get a drink in a bar," he said."Underage drinking is illegal, and it's illegal to cast a ballot in someoneelse's name."However, even some Republicans are pushing back against Trump's claim that theelection was not conducted fairly. Thomas D. Rath, a Republican who has beenactive in New Hampshire politics and elections for decades and served as thestate's attorney general, vigorously rejects Trump's contention that the resultsin New Hampshire were fraudulent."This election was as fair and honest as anywhere you will find in the country,"he said. "I don't think it's a partisan question. I think the idea of doingelections and getting them right is really very important."vanessa.williams@washpost.comkatie.zezima@washpost.comScott Clement and Michelle Ye Hee Lee contributed to this report.