On the day after the election, while many worldwide were still in shock anddisbelief, pundits did their best to portray the aftermath as being similar toall previous modern American presidential elections. Politicians andpersonalities praised the peaceful transfer of power that would inevitably takeplace, and they commended President-elect Donald Trump's call for unity as ifit, along with the concession speech by Hillary Clinton and unifying comments byPresident Barack Obama, were all that was necessary to put the divisions andbitterness of the long campaign behind us.Later that night, thousands of disillusioned citizens took to the streetsthroughout America to proclaim that they did not consider Donald Trump to betheir president. They let it be known that this election was not like previouselections and that a few speeches about unity cannot miraculously accomplishthat end.It is one thing to expect Americans to accept the fairness of the electoralprocess. In spite of Trump's repeated claims that the entire election system was"rigged," I suspect that the vast majority of Americans do recognize itslegitimacy. It is another thing entirely to expect that all Americans willsimply accept Trump's words that he wants to be "president for all the people."We are now in the Trump era, so let's "tell it like it is." Donald Trump ran thenastiest, dirtiest, meanest, least factually honest campaign for president inthe history of our country. He appealed to the basest instincts of people,encouraged violence and regularly demeaned entire groups of citizens. Is it anywonder that Latinos, Muslims and many other citizens find his calls for unityunbelievable, and in fact laughable?Trump's entire campaign was built on the "Big Lie" theory that you can tell liesfrequently and convincingly enough to make people think they are true. Tellpeople often enough that "Crooked" Hillary Clinton is guilty of violating thelaw, and soon they are shouting "lock her up" and even hanging her in effigy --in spite of the fact that no charges have ever been filed against her. Tellpeople regularly that the electoral system is rigged, and they come to acceptthat as fact, although incidences of widespread election irregularities havebeen almost nonexistent for decades.The Toronto Star's Washington Bureau chief followed Trump's campaign for severalweeks fact-checking thousands of his statements. He found hundreds offalsehoods. Not a few; not a few dozen, but more than 400 -- an average of 20per day. Do you understand why people doubt Trump's sincerity when he saysalmost anything?Yes, Donald Trump legitimately won the race to become our 45th president, but hedid it in a way that cannot be forgotten simply because he read a statementcalling for unity. Real life has no delete button, so his previous statementsmocking a disabled reporter, calling for his supporters to "knock the hell" outof a protester, and encouraging chants of "lock her up" aimed at SecretaryClinton cannot be forgotten as if never said.It will take a lot more than a brief unity speech to assuage people's fearsabout a Trump presidency. He will still be "The Donald," a psychologicallydamaged human being who has shown throughout his entire life that he will do andsay anything to make himself richer and more famous.Donald Trump won the presidency, but he has a long way to go to earn the trustof all Americans. A few hopeful words cannot delete all of the previous hurtfulones.Lee Raudonis is a former executive director of the Georgia Republican Party.