Evan Rachel Wood, who currently stars on HBO's sci-fi western hit Westworld,revealed in a recent interview with Rolling Stone that she had been sexuallyassaulted twice in her past.In the Nov. 17 interview, the actress spoke about past abuse that she describedonly as "physical, psychological, sexual." She later detailed the abuse furtherin an email to the reporter that she sent the day after the U.S. presidentialelection. "Yes," she wrote. "I've been raped. By a significant other while wewere together. And on a separate occasion, by the owner of a bar ... I don'tbelieve we live in a time where people can stay silent any longer. Not given thestate our world is in with its blatant bigotry and sexism."On Monday, Wood shared the "confession letter" she sent to the magazine in itsentirety."Well, since everything is out in the open now, figured I would share theconfession letter I wrote to @RollingStone in its entirety. #NotOk," she postedwith the letter to her Twitter account.Wood, 29, has been open about her bisexuality since 2011 and her suicide attemptat age 22. In her letter, Wood claims the past assaults were "one of the manyfactors" that contributed to the attempt to take her own life.Read more: 'Westworld': Evan Rachel Wood Talks Dolores' 'Terminator' Mode andThat Orgy SceneWestworld also has been in the headlines recently for its depictions of sexualviolence. Wood plays Dolores, a highly advanced android at a futuristicamusement park who is almost indecipherable from a human being and is oftenvictim to the violent urges of the visiting guests. The pilot episode shows herbeing dragged against her will into a barn by the murderous Man in Black (EdHarris).Wood defended the show's violence to THR, saying, "I don't like gratuitousviolence against women at all, but I would wait for the context in which it'sbeing used. As the show progresses, the way it's being used is very much acommentary and a look at our humanity and why we find these things entertainingand why this is an epidemic, and flipping it on its head."The actress also is aware of the stigma many women face when coming forward withtheir experiences with sexual assault, addressing them in her letter. "I thinkdeep down, I also didn't want to be accused of doing it for attention," shewrote, adding, "I will not be ashamed."Read her letter in its entirety below:Well, since everything is out in the open now, figured I would share theconfession letter I wrote to @RollingStonein its entirety.#NotOkpic.twitter.com/0FSP1gsE36- #EvanRachelWould (@evanrachelwood) November28, 2016Read more: 'Westworld': A Closer Look at the Season Finale Trailer