HIGHLIGHT: Strategist Nick Ayers may chair party; Perdue to stay put.News coming out of the Trump Tower indicates that one Georgia Republican couldbe moving up, while another of the party's faithful said Friday that he isstaying where he is.Strategist Nick Ayers might be in pole position for one of the biggest positionsin the party: chairman of the Republican National Committee.Meanwhile, U.S.Sen.David Perdue met Friday with President-electDonaldTrumpandhis team and told reporters after that he will remain in the Senate to helpadvance the incoming administration's agenda.Multiple media outlets reported that Ayers is considered a top contender toreplace Reince Priebus, whom Trump tapped as his chief of staff. The New YorkTimes reported Friday that Team Trump appeared to be "coalescing" around Ayers,now a top aide to Vice President-elect Mike Pence.If so, it would be another step in the remarkable rise of the 34-year-old CobbCounty native. Ayers, who married a cousin of Sonny Perdue's, was still in his20s when he managed the Republican's 2006 re-election campaign.Ayers next led the Republican Governors Association, dramatically increasing theGOP grip on statehouses, before heading then-Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty'sill-fated 2012 presidential campaign.This isn't the first time he's been pegged as a potential head of the RNC. Hepositioned himself as a potential successor to RNC chief Michael Steele inNovember 2010 but eventually helped recruit Priebus--and steered his transitionteam.Ayers has since worked as a strategist for Target Enterprises and helped withthe campaigns of U.S. Sen. David Perdue and Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner beforebecoming a Pence deputy.The move would increase the Georgia GOP's clout in the national party,particularly for the passel of Sonny Perdue allies now scattered in toppositions.Paul Bennecke, another Perdue stalwart, now runs the governors association. JohnWatson, the former chief of staffto Perdue, is eyeing a run to lead the GeorgiaGOP. Alec Poitevint, a Bainbridge businessman tight with the Perdue circle, isclose with Priebus.Many other Perdue alums work for David Perdue, or have ties to the incomingTrump administration.Sonny Perdue met with the president-elect earlier this week in an apparentaudition for agriculture secretary.On Friday, it was David Perdue's turn.After spending nearly two hours at the Trump Tower, Perdue hinted that he'lllikely be staying in the U.S. Senate.The freshman Republican senator told pool reporters that during his meeting withTrump and his team, "I committed my position in the Senate to full support aboutgetting this 100-day plan executed."He said he plans to help Trump on issues such as jobs, taxes and energy.Perdue had been seen as a potential pick to lead the Commerce Department, givenhis experience as a Fortune 500 CEO, along with his early, vocal embrace ofTrump's candidacy. Trump instead went for another businessman, Wilbur Ross, tolead the federal agency earlier this week.Ayers and Perdue are the latest Georgians to discuss a role with Trump and histeam.Earlier this week, Trump announced that U.S. Rep. Tom Price, R-Roswell, was hischoice for secretary of health and human services.