There were plenty of people at the recent Federalist Society's national lawyersconvention who didn't support Donald Trump. But there were hardly any who votedfor Hillary Clinton.So it was not surprising that the conservative legal activists who had gatheredfor their annual meeting had not looked to the future for inspiration but thepast. Their theme was the legacy of Justice Antonin Scalia.Still, any anxiety about Trump gave way to the realization that the electoralsurprise meant they would have a role in choosing Scalia's successor, and themood brightened."We could have been here in mourning, in sackcloths and ashes, wondering whatmight become of the republic," Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) told a packed ballroom.Instead, the attendees found themselves with a "historic opportunity" and, as henoted, circulated through the Mayflower Hotel with "résumés in your pockets.""This gathering may well be the single largest collection of individuals who arelikely to serve in the new administration," continued Cruz, a Federalist Societyfavorite. "If you look down the aisle at your friends and neighbors andcolleagues, I have great confidence that we are collectively looking at scoresof federal judges," as well as Justice Department lawyers and future officialsof every federal agency.But it was the opening on the Supreme Court that dominated the event.One attendee told Cruz he was disappointed that the presidential run had notended in success but wondered now if Cruz would be interested in the ninth seat.Self-deprecation is not the 45-year-old senator's forte."Thank you for that kind encouragement," Cruz said solemnly. "What I will say isthat history is long and can take unexpected paths."But Cruz is not on the list of 21 people from which Trump has said - repeatedly- he will make his choice. "Only from that list I'm going to pick, only," Trumpsaid recently. "We're not going outside that list."Since the list was developed in large part with the assistance of the FederalistSociety and the conservative think tank Heritage Foundation, most in theconservative legal movement are happy with the potential choices. (Heritageofficial John G. Malcolm has lamented the omission of former Bush administrationsolicitor general Paul Clement and Judge Brett Kavanaugh from the U.S. Court ofAppeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.)In fact, no one from Washington is on the list, save for Sen. Mike Lee (R-Utah),and his rocky past with Trump - including voting for independent presidentialcandidate Evan McMullin instead of the GOP nominee - makes Lee's candidacyunlikely.Instead, the list is composed of federal judges and state supreme court justicesfrom around the country. A solid number of them clerked for Scalia or another ofthe Supreme Court's current conservatives, raising the possibility that a formerclerk would for the first time sit with the justice for whom he or she onceworked.Who is on the shortlist? Who knows. But two names must be elevated, if for noother reason than Trump himself has mentioned them."We could have a Diane Sykes, or you could have a Bill Pryor; we have somefantastic people," Trump said shortly after Scalia died, naming the kinds ofjudges a Republican president could nominate.The selection of Judge William Pryor of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 11thCircuit in Atlanta would be a sign that Trump does not fear a disruptive andcontentious battle. Few people raise liberal hackles like the 54-year-old Pryor,who was a recess appointment of President George W. Bush.Pryor, a former Alabama attorney general, has been an outspoken critic of gayrights and  Roe v. Wade . He called the 1973 abortion rights decision the day"seven members of our highest court ripped the Constitution and ripped out thelife of millions of unborn children." At his Senate confirmation hearing, hisrefusal to back away from such remarks made him a hero to the right.Pryor has a powerful advocate in his mentor, Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.), anearly supporter of Trump and the president-elect's choice to be attorneygeneral. But Republicans might be looking for someone other than a whiteCatholic man.Including Scalia, Republican presidents are responsible for six consecutive menjoining the court, all of them Catholic except for Justice David Souter, and allof them white, except for Justice Clarence Thomas.Sykes is a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 7th Circuit and a formerjustice on the Wisconsin Supreme Court. She, too, is a Federalist Societyfavorite, chosen a couple of years ago to interview Thomas at the group's galadinner.Sykes would bring something to the court missing since the departure of JusticeSandra Day O'Connor: She has run for elected office. And she has a solidlyconservative voting record, with a requisite defense of gun rights.One drawback is that she would be 59 at the time of her nomination, andconservatives generally like their nominees to be younger. On the other hand,Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg was 60 when confirmed, and she has served 23 yearsand counting.Another woman who had a prominent role at the recent Federalist Societyconvention was Michigan Supreme Court Justice Joan Larsen. A former Scalia clerk- "When I write, I still think of him," she said at a panel on Scalia's writingability - Larsen would be a fresh face. Perhaps too fresh for some. She wasappointed to that court only last year, and there are concerns that too littleis known about her jurisprudence.Conservatives live in fear of a nominee who does not turn out to be a strictconservative, such as the more moderate O'Connor and Justice Anthony M. Kennedy,or even liberal like Souter. "Please God, no more Souters" is a Pryor refrainthat conservatives love.Josh Blackman, a law professor at the South Texas College of Law Houston,interviewed convention attendees and opened up his FantasySCOTUS site to gaugeinterest in Trump's choice.Two other federal judges - Neil Gorsuch of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the10th Circuit in Denver and Raymond Kethledge of the U.S. Court of Appeals forthe 6th Circuit - are among the leaders. Both are former Kennedy clerks.And Justice Don Willett of the Texas Supreme Court is also a favorite of thevoters. Willett displays a libertarian streak in his rulings but is known mostlyfor his postings on Twitter, where he has more than 66,000 followers.He tweets about the Constitution, the law, Chick-fil-A, Whataburger and histhree children, known as the Wee Willetts.He professed surprise to find himself on Trump's list. Perhaps because of thishaiku tweet:Who would the DonaldName to #SCOTUS? The mind reels*weeps - can't finish tweet*robert.barnes@washpost.com