THE RECENT presidential campaign eroded custom after custom, but in the end thelegitimacy of the results and the sanctity of the peaceful transition of powerwere reaffirmed. Or so it seemed.Once the electoral college vote was clear, Hillary Clinton graciously concededto President-elect Donald Trump, and President Obama promised to work for asmooth transition. Neither Democrat emphasized the fact that Ms. Clinton won thepopular vote. Russian government interference in the campaign is a legitimatesubject of concern, but Ms. Clinton properly chose not to use it to cast doubton the outcome of the election. Mr. Trump reciprocated her positive tone.Then Jill Stein, the Green Party presidential nominee, pressed for recounts in ahandful of swing states, based on thin suspicions of election tampering. TheClinton campaign indicated that it saw little reason to initiate a recount orany other kind of inquiry, but announced it would join in anyway so itsrepresentatives would be present for any official review. The likely results ofMs. Stein's recount effort are twofold: enhancing her fundraising and sowingunfounded doubts in Americans' minds about the integrity of the election.Yet it was Mr. Trump's reaction that was the most corrosive. Following theClinton camp's decision to join in the recount, the president-elect lashed outon Twitter on Sunday. "In addition to winning the Electoral College in alandslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who votedillegally," Mr. Trump wrote, offering zero evidence for the incendiary charge.The president-elect appeared to be repeating a debunked story circulating onconspiracy-peddling right-wing websites that claims millions of noncitizensvoted.Mr. Trump is the president-elect. He above all others bears responsibility tosafeguard and defend the integrity of the nation's democratic government.Instead, he illogically attacked the very system that resulted in his victory.For those who hoped that as president-elect he would be slower to take offensethan he had been as candidate, and less willing to trade in lies, the tweet cameas one more disappointment. Mr. Trump's overreaction suggests he is not preparedfor the responsibilities of the presidency or the scrutiny that comes with it.The nation, in fact, does have a voting problem, but it is not the imaginaryfraud that Mr. Trump conjures. Rather, it is a system that makes it toodifficult for citizens to cast their votes. Registration procedures areunnecessarily restrictive. Early voting opportunities are needlessly limited.Lines are way too long. Names are too easily purged from voter rolls. Electionequipment lacks paper trails in some states. Yet, if Mr. Trump's preoccupationwith phantom voting fraud is any indication, his administration may spend a lotof time making ballot access worse, not better. The integrity of the country'sdemocracy would suffer for it.