In the wake of Donald Trump's presidential election, The Hollywood Reporterspoke with Jonathan A. Greenblatt, the CEO of the Anti-Defamation League, aboutthe events of the past two weeks - and the ADL's game plan for the next fouryears.* * *What is your personal reaction to the election of Donald Trump?I'm the head of a nonprofit and nonpartisan institution, and I don't have theluxury of personal reactions.What is the ADL's reaction to Trump's election?We congratulate President-elect Donald Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Penceon their election victory. This is American democracy at work. The voters havespoken and the civil transition of power is underway. But democracy is more thansimply what occurs at the ballot box or during a particular election. Democracyencompasses the full collection of our laws, our norms and institutions thatenshrine and protect our freedoms. That work begins now - to reinvigorate theidealism of e Pluribus Unum and to ensure that America remains a land ofeconomic opportunity and personal freedom for all people, regardless of theirgender, race, class, faith, ethnicity, sexual orientation or politicalpreference.What is the ADL's position on the appointment of Stephen Bannon, the executivechairman of Breitbart News, which has made anti-Semitic comments in the past,and the fact that no high-profile Republicans have spoken out against hisappointment?ADL strongly opposes the appointment of Steve Bannon as senior adviser and chiefstrategist in the White House. It is a sad day when a man who presided over thepremier website of the alt-right - a loose-knit group of white nationalists andunabashed anti-Semites and racists - is slated to be a senior staff member inthe "people's house." We call on President-elect Trump to appoint and nominateAmericans committed to the well-being of all our country's people and whoexemplify the values of pluralism and tolerance that make our country great. Wewould like to see more high-profile Republicans and others speak out about this.Bannon essentially has established himself as the chief curator for thealt-right. Under his stewardship, Breitbart has emerged as the leading sourcefor the extreme views of a vocal minority who peddle bigotry and promote hate.What would the ADL say to the people who belong to groups that Trump said hewould target during the campaign?We have called on Mr. Trump to do everything he can to alleviate the fears hisstatements during the campaign have generated among a number of minority groups.He ought to meet with representatives of such minority groups, hear them out andreassure them that his presidency truly will follow his acceptance words afterthe election that he will be a president for all Americans.What is the ADL's position about the ongoing protests in the streets overTrump's election?People have the right to peaceably protest, and clearly there are significantgroups of people who are feeling anxious. While protests take place quitenaturally in our democratic political system, here, too, reassurances by thepresident-elect could begin to alleviate some of the fears that led to theprotests.What would you say in response to those who compare Trump with Hitler? Are suchcomparisons appropriate?This is not appropriate for a whole host of reasons, and is destructive to auseful discussion of the challenges we face going forward.What, in your view, would constitute a best-case scenario for the next fouryears?Partisan politics aside, what the whole country needs is a healing of the woundsalready inflicted and, as noted earlier, reassurances that the future will befar more respectful than what we experienced during the campaign. Among thepriorities for ADL is to work toward a cessation of the kind of outrageousanti-Semitic expressions that surfaced toward journalists and others during the2016 campaign.