http://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/SNAPpic-112516-iStock.jpgThe fight to get accepted into college -- particularly a top-notch college -- isfierce, to say the least. In the U.S., after-school shops like Sylvan, Kaplanand The Princeton Review capitalize on families' desires for their children tosucceed, offering prep programs for Advanced Placement tests, SATs and thensome.But helicopter parents around the world speak the same language. In China, thepreparatory education industry is in a "golden age," according to a recentDeloitte report, with early childhood, K-12 and vocational educationcumulatively highlighted as the "major growth point in the future."And the firm's deep-dive report, issued in May, projects the sector will expandin China at a 12.7% compound annual growth rate to generate revenue of nearly$440 billion in 2020.Investors have not missed their cues. The largest among China's for-profiteducation league, New Oriental Education & Technology (EDU), has seen itsAmerican depositary receipts rise more than 64% since the start of the year. Thecompany booked nearly $1.5 billion in revenue last year, and that's expected togrow 18% for the year ending in May.TAL Education (XRS) reported $620 million in 2015 revenue, and that's projectedto soar 55% this year (ends in February) and an additional 40% in fiscal 2018.TAL shares are up 67% since Dec. 31.At $188 million in 2015 revenue, Tarena International (TEDU) is the smallestamong China's big-league school stocks traded in the U.S. Consensus views placerevenue growth at 26% this year, and the ADRs have climbed 62% year to date.In a Nov. 9 research note following the U.S. presidential election, JPMorgananalyst Leon Chik said that "we also believe that the education sector is themost insulated from U.S. election-related risks. Education is a defensive sectorand is purely domestic (so no impact from any changes in U.S. trade policies)."That action and sudden, recent gains from U.S. school plays including CapellaEducation (CPLA) and Grand Canyon Education (LOPE) combined to drive IBD's25-stock Consumer Services-Education group 30% higher since the start ofOctober. The advance sent the group to a powerful No. 6 ranking on Friday amongthe197 industry groups tracked by IBD, up from a No. 32 rank four weeks earlier.IBD'S TAKE: Research shows as much as 50% of the strength of a leading stock'srun derives from the position of its industry group and sector at the time ofthe breakout. IBD's industry group rankings and SMART NYSE & Nasdaq Tables arean easy way to monitor group and sector strength.China's K-12 Market Getting "Bigger and Better"Deloitte's study points to four major factors that have spurred China'seducational golden age. Those include favorable governmental policies,technological innovation, a "rapid increase of social capital flowing into theeducation industry" and noneducation industries investing in the sector.A good portion of those education benefits go to Chinese students heading foroverseas schools. Deloitte said in a separate report that the number of outboundinternational students from China rose to 520,000 in 2015, up from 280,000 justfive years earlier.Of the publicly traded names, New Oriental, TAL Education and China DistanceEducation Holdings Limited (CDEL) are generally regarded as key players inChina's after-school tutoring market, along with privately held Xueda Education.(Xueda was taken private earlier this year.)Most of these private education institutions -- over four in 10 -- are focusedin larger cities in the eastern part of the country, but working to extend theirreach.New Oriental, which calls itself the biggest private-education provider inChina, offers classes for little ones as young as three years old, includinglanguage, math, music and art. Enrollment in its Pop Kids program alone shot up49% in its most recently reported quarter, with revenue rising 39% in U.S.dollars during the August-ended period.Total enrollment grew 31% to over 1.3 million students, though earnings growthslowed sharply to 7% -- just meeting analyst expectations. The network operates771 learning centers, up from 609 centers in 2011. It employs 19,700 teachersacross 56 cities, according to the company.JP Morgan's Chik noted on Oct. 26 that summer promotions did not weigh on NewOriental's results too heavily, but he prefers TAL Education "for its higherfocus on K-12 operations and faster sales and earnings growth."JPMorgan rates New Oriental a neutral and TAL Education overweight.TAL's enrollment figures are also climbing. Management said in its Q2 conferencecall with analysts on Oct. 27 that enrollment growth of 77% enabled a 56% risein revenue during the period.  As of the August-ended quarter, it tended to over1.1 million students.Unlike New Oriental, TAL -- an acronym for "Tomorrow Advancing Life" --concentrates exclusively on K-12 after-school tutoring. Its network spans 25Chinese cities.The K-12 market is "getting better and better," said TAL Chief Financial OfficerRong Luo during the call with analysts, adding that the company is increasingcapacity, hiring more teachers and adding more cities to its roster. (As anaside, TAL Education said its NYSE ticker symbol will shift to TAL from XRS asof the start of December.)Just as U.S. institutions Kaplan (owned by Graham Holdings (GHC)) and PrincetonReview (a subsidiary of IAC/Interactive (IAC)) offer adult education classes inareas such as computer programming and finance, their China-based counterpartsoffer courses for working adults, particularly online.New Oriental has a segment catering to young professionals. Tarena Internationalfocuses primarily on professional education services, with a specialty ininformation technology. Tarena's model weaves together in-person and remoteonline teaching.Positive School Rule ChangesOne regulatory change in China that is seen as benefiting after-school tutoringproviders: A revised law preventing for-profit private schools fromparticipating in the compulsory, nine-year early education system --essentially, kindergarten through ninth grade. The policy goes into effect onSept. 1, 2017, according to Chinese news agency Xinhua.The change sent a shudder through China's swelling network of private schools.But Credit Suisse analysts called TAL and New Oriental "almost immune to therevision," since their offerings are after-school, extracurricular and outsidecompulsory system.In addition, students attending private schools receive higher-qualityeducations. That means that private school students do not usually needafter-school tutoring, said JPMorgan's Chik, and are not a significant portionof New Oriental and TAL's student market."With less competition from private schools (and more students in regular publicschool), the potential marketplace for tutorial operators should be larger," hewrote on Nov. 9.And as the industry consolidates, some experts point to TAL and New Oriental ashaving good growth prospects."Big institutions like TAL and EDU will enjoy strong growth in the next three tofive years," Qingteng Education founders Cui Kai and Wang Chen told CreditSuisse analysts Zoe Zhao and Evan Zhou, according to a Nov. 14 note from thebank. "They will be even more powerful if their system can own students' datathroughout their learning curve, and customize their study plan accordingly."As they expect big establishments to at some point collectively occupy 50% ofthe market, Kai and Chen added that midsize institutions in smaller cities facethe most pressure, though small vendors with differentiating qualities "couldstill survive."U.S. Education Peers SpikingShares of New Oriental topped a 48.51 flat-base buy point on Oct. 24. They werejust above buy range this week, but have had trouble gaining altitude, althoughthe action fits largely in the stair-step style of the 13-month advance.TAL put together a six-day advance through Wednesday, receiving some nice volumesupport as it rebounds from support at its 50-day moving average. The stock isjust out of buy range on the rebound.Tarena snapped out of a short consolidation to new highs on Tuesday. The patternwas too short to be a base pattern, and the pullback was too deep to qualify asa rebound from support, so the move did not provide a technical buyingopportunity.Other players in IBD's Consumer Services-Education industry group include NordAnglia Education (NORD), an operator of international schools with 43 schoolsaround the world -- including China, Europe and North America -- with almost37,000 full-time students.The thinly traded stock was up 17% this year in the past week, and taking a52-week high as it climbs up from an 18-month correction.In the U.S., Grand Canyon and thinly traded Capella Education have posted thelargest recent gains and are up 42% and 85%, respectively, so far this year.Most of those gains occurred over the past two months.Bright Horizons (BFAM) is also a major player, with 940 company-operated childcare centers that have a capacity of 108,000 children and families, said thecompany.William Blair downgraded the stock to market perform from outperform at thestart of November, "based on our view that expectations for earnings growth andupside are full at the current price." The company missed Street estimates onboth the top and bottom lines.RELATED:China's TAL Education Enters Profit-Taking ZoneNew Oriental Breaks Out On Strong Revenue, GuidanceThe Tough Go Shopping: China's Online Retail Shows Chart Strength