HIGHLIGHT: Republican stronghold flips; party leaders vow change won't last.Near the end of a post-election gathering in the heart of Marietta, Georgia teaparty leader J.D. Van Brink asked whether the three dozen people assembled totalk about Donald Trump's stunning victory missed the other big upset: CobbCounty turned blue."No way," two voices belted in unison. "It must be voter fraud," anotherquipped. As the din quieted, one activist voiced the concern that jittery CobbRepublicans -- and jubilant county Democrats -- in this GOP stronghold have beenasking themselves since last week's stunning election."Is this the result of changing demographics? Or is this just an anomaly?"Trump won a 5-point victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton in Georgia last weekby running up huge margins in rural and exurban Georgia. But he lost every coremetro Atlanta county to Clinton, giving Democrats a silver lining in anotherwise rough night.The rising minority populations in Gwinnett and Henry counties made them ripetargets for a Democratic takeover. But even the most optimistic Democrat didn'texpect Cobb County, long the crimson-red lifeblood of the Georgia RepublicanParty, to flip this cycle.Cobb hadn't voted for a Democrat in a presidential race since Georgia's ownJimmy Carter swept the county in 1976 -- and even he was defeated in Cobb fouryears later. It was the launching pad for the political careers of NewtGingrich, Sam Olens and Johnny Isakson.And it's long been one of the mostreliable sources in Georgia for GOP cash, votes and volunteers."I didn't see it coming at all," said Kennesaw Councilwoman Yvette Daniel, whoconsiders herself the only Democrat on the Cobb city's nonpartisan council. "Butwhat this shows is people in Cobb County are tired of being left behind."Jerry Kotyuk, a Marietta tea party activist, put it a different way: "Thedemographics are changing. We are getting a lot more diverse. But nobodyexpected this."A Cobb collapse? In a parallel universe, Clinton's campaign would be celebratingCobb as a blueprint for her victory. She hoped to defeat Trump by relying on anemerging coalition of younger and diverse voters, coupled with suburbancollege-educated conservatives skeptical of Trump.That's exactly the mix that helped her flip the county, where she outpolledTrump by about 6,800 votes -- enough for a 2-point win. Republican Mitt Romneywon the same county by 12 points in 2012.Cobb GOP Chairwoman Rose Wing and other local party leaders cast it as aone-off, driven by Trump's high unfavorable ratings, crude comments about womenand a history of tepid support in the county, where his anti-establishmentcampaign didn't play as well in a bastion of the state's GOP establishment.After all, Florida U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio won Cobb in Georgia's March GOPpresidential primary, and Trump's campaign seemed to acknowledge its problems inthe county when it dispatched Ivanka Trump to a pair of Cobb events weeks beforethe vote."As our Republican leaders implement common-sense, conservative solutions to getour nation back on track, we look forward to running on that record in fouryears," said Cobb GOP Vice Chairman Justin Tomczak, who pointed to down-ticketwins in the county.Indeed, Isakson earned nearly 53 percent of the vote in Cobb in his race againstDemocrat Jim Barksdale. Cobb Republicans swept every countywide office, runningunopposed in most contests. And each of the GOP legislators held his or herground. But their margins of victory point to longer-term problems.Republican state Sen. Hunter Hill held on to his seat despite getting shellackedin the Cobb part of his district. State Rep. Rich Golick's 19-point win over aDemocrat two years ago melted to a 6-point win over the same opponent this year.And state Rep.Sam Teasley's margin of victory shrank from 25 points to 14 in thepast two years."We need to be reaching out not only to the people who traditionally agree withus, but also those not inclined to support Republicans," said Teasley ofMarietta. "I don't think Republicans have to compromise what they believe in toshow we are concerned with the issues that they are concerned about."The shifting demographics are more cause for concern for Cobb Republicans. In2000, nearly three in four of Cobb's residents were white. That number shrank to64 percent in 2015. More than one-quarter of the county's residents are black,and about 13 percent of the population is Hispanic.A Democratic Cobb would change the political landscape in Georgia.The county isthe fourth-most-populous in Georgia and one of the most affluent. If Republicanslose their grasp of Cobb, it could hobble the party in statewide elections in2018 and the next presidential vote in 2020."If we lose Cobb, it becomes much harder for Republicans to win statewide," saidJason Shepherd, a longtime GOP operative who worked for Gingrich. "You look downthe road two years from now, and for the first time in years, Republicans are onthe defensive in places like Cobb. And it's going to be harder in midtermelections to keep up the momentum."Shepherd ran for county Republican chairman in 2015 and is considering anotherbid. He said last week's results exposed the local GOP chapter's "bunkermentality" that's averse to newcomers and too willing to rest on its laurels.Friendly fire Confidence was on display at a Cobb GOP breakfast three daysbefore the election, where activists talked matter-of-factly about mobilizingfor the vote. Residents stocked up on signs for Isakson and U.S. Rep. BarryLoudermilk, who handily won a second term, but there was little mention ofTrump."Republicans can agree to disagree," Wing told the few dozen attendees,referring to skepticism of the GOP nominee. "As Ronald Reagan says, 80 percentof my friend doesn't make you my enemy."The hand-wringing began hours after the election. Sheriff Neil Warren, whosemargin of victory also narrowed from 2012, said he was "very sad anddisappointed" that Trump lost Cobb. Others cast the blame on Wing and activistswho supported Texas U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz in Georgia's presidential primary.Democrats, meanwhile, hope to ensure the victory is not fleeting. CoakleyPendergrass, a 72-year-old former New York police officer, devotes an increasingchunk of his time trying to recruit candidates for low-level offices, from citycouncil races to state legislative contests."I truly believe that Cobb County is on the verge of flipping down the ticket,and we're working on it now. It's about putting people in the right place,"Pendergrass said. "Look at it as a sports analogy: You're playing tennis and youtake what your opponent gives you. This is what they gave us this cycle."Republicans promise to come roaring back.Tomczak said the party is looking fornew ways to expand in the era of Trump.And Van Brink, the tea party leader, saidhe's confident the pendulum will swing the GOP's way again by doubling down onits conservative principles."I have more in common with a black female entrepreneur than a white malesocialist," said Van Brink, who is white. "We don't believe that demographics isdestiny. And if we can translate our conservative values and principles topublic policies, we'll be fine."Staffwriter Meris Lutz contributed to this report.