http://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/POLL-Trump-12-AP.jpgMedia Bias: When the Pew Research Center asked the public who conductedthemselves worst during the presidential campaign, the answer was .... thepress. But after promising to shape up after the election, the mainstream mediaare already back to their old games.The Pew survey found that 38% gave the press a failing grade for "the way theyconducted themselves in the campaign." By comparison, 35% gave Donald Trump afailing grade, and 21% gave Clinton an F.Just 22% said the press deserved an A or a B grade for their performance duringthe election, compared with 30% for Trump and 43% for Clinton.This is the worst rating the public has given the news media since Pew startedtracking this in 1988. Arguably, they deserved an even lower grade this year,after being caught red-handed colluding with the Clinton campaign when not busyinventing damaging stories about Trump. But that's beside the point.In the immediate aftermath of Trump's victory, the press did a lot of publichand-wringing about how badly they'd botched the election coverage and promisedto change their ways. So far, we're not seeing it.Case in point is a New York Times article from last week claiming thatPresident-elect Trump's transition was in "a state of disarray." That set off aspate of stories in other media outlets about how the transition was off to a"rocky start," had "stalled," was in "turmoil," "scrambling," "causing realpanic," etc.But just a week after getting elected, Trump named Sen. Jeff Sessions as hisattorney general, putting him ahead of most recent presidents on the transitionschedule. President Obama didn't name his first cabinet pick until three week'safter his 2008 victory. Reagan and Clinton didn't name anyone until week six.Trump has since announced his picks for CIA director, chief of staff, nationalsecurity advisor and chief strategist.So that "disarray" story? It looks like another bit of mainstream media fakenews.The press hasn't done much better in covering Trump's picks. CNN reported thatSessions was being "dogged by old allegations of racism." Others picked up onthis theme. The key words are "old" and "allegations." The claim dates back to1986, when Democrats successfully sabotaged Sessions' appointment to be afederal judge. But the allegations were flimsy and unproved.When the Weekly Standard examined Sessions' actual record, it looked likesomeone who's anything but racist. As a U.S. attorney, for example, he filedseveral cases to desegregate schools in Alabama, and made sure a Ku KluxKlansman he prosecuted got the death penalty.Then there were those fake mainstream media stories about how Trump was going tocreate a "Muslim registry." There is no truth to that.And how about the media outcry after Trump dodged the press to have dinner withhis family? NBC News concluded that "the Trump administration is shaping up tobe the least accessible to the public and the press in modern history."Apparently NBC News was asleep over the past eight years, when Obama was busyinvestigating the press, stonewalling FOIA requests and denying pressphotographers access to most events. Just a few months ago, the Washington Postcalled the Obama administration "one of the most secretive" in history.On Monday, Donald Trump invited top news media brass in for a meeting, and theycluelessly thought they were getting a chance talk about insider access to hisadministration. Instead, Trump gave them a much-deserved dressing down.Trashing the media is supposed to be a big no-no for politicians, particularlyRepublican politicians. But Trump has succeeded by defying conventional wisdomever since he threw his hat into the presidential ring. By refusing to kowtow toa biased and corrupt press, maybe Trump can make journalism great again, too.RELATED:Media Malpractice? Media Bias And The 2016 ElectionThe Real Reason the Media Got This Election All WrongMedia To Voters: Drop Dead, We're Getting Hillary Elected