Possibility of 'outside interference' in election is being exploredHillary Clinton's presidential campaign has been quietly exploring whether therewas any "outside interference" in the election results and will participate inthe election recount in Wisconsin initiated by Green Party presidentialcandidate Jill Stein, a Clinton campaign lawyer said Saturday.Clinton campaign lawyer Marc Elias said in a Medium post that the campaign hasreceived "hundreds of messages, emails, and calls urging us to do something,anything, to investigate claims that the election results were hacked andaltered in a way to disadvantage Secretary Clinton," especially in Michigan,Wisconsin and Pennsylvania, where the "combined margin of victory for DonaldTrump was merely 107,000 votes."Elias said the campaign has "not uncovered any actionable evidence of hacking oroutside attempts to alter the voting technology." But because of the margin ofvictory - and the degree of apparent foreign interference during the campaign -Elias said Clinton officials had "quietly taken a number of steps in the lasttwo weeks to rule in or out any possibility of outside interference in the votetally in these critical battleground states."He said the Clinton campaign will participate in the Stein-initiated recount inWisconsin by having representatives on the ground monitoring the count andhaving lawyers represent them in court if needed. And if Stein makes good onefforts to prompt similar processes in Pennsylvania and Michigan, Elias said,the Clinton campaign would do so there, as well."The campaign is grateful to all those who have expended time and effort toinvestigate various claims of abnormalities and irregularities," Elias said."While that effort has not, in our view, resulted in evidence of manipulation ofresults, now that a recount is underway, we believe we have an obligation to themore than 64 million Americans who cast ballots for Hillary Clinton toparticipate in ongoing proceedings to ensure that an accurate vote count will bereported."The recount effort is somewhat unusual in that it comes weeks after Clintonconceded - and at the request and with the financial backing of a third-partycandidate, Stein, who has no chance of winning, said election-law expert RichardL. Hasen, a law professor at the University of California at Irvine. Clinton,too, has virtually no chance of altering the result, given that she would haveto reverse not just Wisconsin but also Michigan and Pennsylvania to becomepresident, Hasen said.In a statement Saturday, Trump said the recount was "just a way for Jill Stein,who received less than one percent of the vote overall and wasn't even on theballot in many states, to fill her coffers with money.""The people have spoken and the election is over," Trump said, "and as HillaryClinton herself said on election night, in addition to her conceding bycongratulating me, 'We must accept this result and then look to the future.'"Later, Trump tweeted that the Green Party's initiative, which he called a"scam," was "now being joined by the badly defeated & demoralized Dems."For her part, Stein took to Twitter to question Clinton's motives forparticipating in the recount effort."Why would Hillary Clinton - who conceded the election to Donald Trump - want#Recount2016?" Stein wrote. "You cannot be on-again, off-again about democracy."Recounts can change outcomes. Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.) famously defeated NormColeman for the seat he now holds after a months-long recount and legal battle,even though Coleman seemed initially to have a lead. But the margins are usuallyin the hundreds, not thousands, and typically recounts are initiated bycandidates in close races refusing to accept defeat, as is the case in the NorthCarolina gubernatorial race between incumbent Pat McCrory (R) and Democrat RoyCooper, Hasen said."I don't think there's any realistic chance whatsoever that even if recounts aredone in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, that's going to change the outcomein the states, or in the presidential election generally," Hasen said.Trump won 1,404,000 votes in Wisconsin, according to the state's electioncommission, while Clinton had 1,381,823. The Wisconsin recount will be conductedby county boards of canvassers, who must move quickly to meet a mid-Decemberdeadline to ensure the state's electoral votes are counted. Stein has to file byMonday to prompt a recount in Pennsylvania, and by Wednesday to trigger arecount in Michigan. The results in that state are not technically certifieduntil Monday.The presidential campaign was marked by fears that Russian hacking might affectthe outcome, especially after the hackers penetrated the computer network of theDemocratic National Committee and were found to have attempted intrusions onvoter registration databases. The Washington Post also recently reported, citingresearchers who tracked the phenomenon, that Russians created and spread fakenews about the election with the apparent goal of helping Trump.During the campaign, Clinton criticized Trump for refusing to say that he wouldaccept the election results if she won. Asked during an October debate whetherhe would do so, Trump responded that he would "keep you in suspense." Clintoncalled that answer "horrifying" and said Trump was "talking down our democracy."In recent days, though, it is Clinton's supporters who have raised questionsabout the outcome of the election. A viral post spread by some Clinton backers,including actress Debra Messing, suggested - falsely - that the JusticeDepartment was "tallying calls" from people who wanted an audit of the 2016election and urged people to make their displeasure known."Even if it's busy, keep calling," one version said. "We should not back downfrom this."New York magazine reported that Clinton was being urged "by a group of prominentcomputer scientists and election lawyers" to call for a recount in Wisconsin,Michigan and Pennsylvania, and the group had evidence of possibly unusualactivity. That fueled more skepticism and calls for action by Clintonsupporters.The evidence of possible malfeasance, though, was limited. According to New Yorkmagazine, the group found that Clinton "received 7 percent fewer votes incounties that relied on electronic-voting machines compared with counties thatused optical scanners and paper ballots," and that based on that "statisticalanalysis, Clinton may have been denied as many as 30,000 votes; she lostWisconsin by 27,000."J. Alex Halderman, one of the academics reportedly involved, later wrote onMedium that the deviations were "probably not" the result of a cyberattack, butthat "the only way to know whether a cyberattack changed the result is toclosely examine the available physical evidence - paper ballots and votingequipment in critical states like Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania."Posting a link to a New York Times story about Clinton supporters calling for arecount, senior Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway said, "Look who 'can't accept theelection results.'"Elias's post might prompt similar criticism. Notably, though, Clinton did notinitiate the recount herself; Stein did, after raising millions of dollars tofund the effort and claiming this had been a "hack-riddled election." Elias saidthe campaign had not planned to ask for a recount itself because it had found noactionable evidence of hacking.The Clinton campaign had investigated the matter extensively. Elias said thecampaign had "lawyers and data scientists and analysts combing over the resultsto spot anomalies," and had also "monitored and staffed the post-electioncanvasses - where voting machine tapes are compared to poll-books, provisionalballots are resolved, and all of the math is double-checked from electionnight." He said the campaign also met with outside experts and "attempted tosystematically catalogue and investigate every theory that has been presented tous within our ability to do so."Now that a recount effort is underway, Elias said it was "important" toparticipate in the proceedings. He played down the idea that the recount wouldchange the outcome."Regardless of the potential to change the outcome in any of the states," Eliassaid, "we feel it is important, on principle, to ensure our campaign is legallyrepresented in any court proceedings and represented on the ground in order tomonitor the recount process itself."Brian Fallon, a spokesman for the Clinton campaign, rejected the notion that thecampaign's actions might suggest to some that it was not accepting the electionresults. He also disputed that the campaign had "backed a recount.""The post says we would not have sought the recount on our own, that we see noevidence of tampering so far, and acknowledge the margin in Michigan, which isthe tightest of the three, exceeds the largest deficit ever overcome in arecount," Fallon wrote to The Washington Post. "We note we are guarding ourprerogatives now that someone else has launched a recount. Not sure what youcould point to suggest there is anything here that calls the results intoquestion."matt.zapotosky@washpost.comAnne Gearan contributed to this report.