Shortly after Donald Trump's unexpected victory in the presidential election,leaders of the six-hospital Mission Health system decided to put large capitalinvestments on hold. They wanted to preserve financial flexibility in case thenew Republican administration pushed through "very harmful changes andreductions in payment," said Dr. Ronald Paulus, CEO of the Asheville, N.C.-basedsystem.Meanwhile, Mission Health chose to continue investing in population healthinitiatives, its new health insurance company and its Medicare Advantageprogram.Paulus said those decisions flowed out of the huge uncertainty caused by Trump'sand congressional Republicans' promise to rapidly repeal and replace theAffordable Care Act. "It's eight years going in one direction, then turning on adime and going in a completely different direction," he said. "Uncertaintywreaks havoc in any industry. As a nation, we should decide on a direction andprovide some long-standing stability."Healthcare CEOs, Paulus among them, are willing to consider Trump's healthcarereform ideas. But they have strong concerns about whether his plan would matchthe ACA's performance in expanding coverage and slashing the uninsured rate toless than 9%, according to Modern Healthcare's post-election Power Panel survey,which got responses from 93 of 123 CEOs contacted. Leaders of large hospitalsand health systems are disproportionately represented on the panel, but theparticipants also include CEOs of insurers, suppliers and technology companies,as well as associations representing sectors across the industry.Beyond the ACA, the CEOs surveyed stressed the need for action to curb thegrowth of prescription drug prices, with 60% saying that should be a toppriority for the new administration and Congress.Republican leaders are debating whether to quickly pass a repeal of most of theACA, possibly with a one- or two-year delay, then later craft a replacementpackage. But 86% of the CEOs responding to the survey either strongly orsomewhat agreed that repeal should not proceed without a replacement plan thatprovides affordable health insurance for all Americans who lack employer-basedcoverage."You can't drop 20 million people from the insurance rolls," said Dr. WilliamConway, CEO of the 1,200-physician Henry Ford Medical Group in Michigan. "I hopethere's no way to go back.""I would hope and pray that we don't unwind the thing without anything toreplace it," Paulus said.A Power Panel survey in May found that 67% of CEOs opposed repealing andreplacing the ACA.In interviews, CEOs participating in the new survey worried that Republicanswill put even more reliance on high-deductible health plans, which they believeare discouraging patients from seeking needed care. They also were wary of GOPproposals to restructure Medicare and Medicaid-particularly when combined withTrump's plans to sharply cut taxes and boost military spending-that may mean bigcuts in federal healthcare spending and reductions in payment rates toproviders.On the other hand, they were confident that the ACA-driven shift fromfee-for-service to value-based payment, which they strongly favor, will continueunder a Republican-led government. They also predicted that the new, value-basedMedicare physician payment system, which the GOP-led Congress overwhelminglyapproved last year, would survive intact.The CEOs-most of whom were shocked by Trump's election-urged the president-electand the new GOP-led Congress to move cautiously and deliberately and not throwout what they see as the ACA's many valuable features, particularly itsextension of insurance to millions of Americans and its ban on insurers' use ofpre-existing conditions to deny coverage. Many hope Republicans ultimately willchoose to tweak the law rather than junk it and substitute an entirely newsystem."The overriding issue is how we maintain coverage in this country," said JimHinton, CEO of Presbyterian Healthcare Services in Albuquerque who soon willtake over as CEO of Baylor Scott & White Health in Texas. "When people don'thave coverage, all kinds of bad things happen. That's a really old story and wedon't want to get right back in the middle of that again."Warner Thomas, CEO of Ochsner Health System in Louisiana, which recentlyexpanded Medicaid under the ACA, said what actually happens may be less drasticthan the rhetoric suggests. "The components of the ACA are working. Many need tobe modified, and hopefully those modifications will make it better for healthsystems and beneficiaries."While some CEOs express frustration with the reversal of direction promised byTrump, others cautiously predict their organizations will adjust to the newenvironment without major disruption. "The overall strategy for our system is tomove quickly to value-based care, and that was going to happen regardless of whowon the election, though the details might be a little different," said BarclayBerdan, CEO of Texas Health Resources, a 19-hospital system based in Arlington.Trump's campaign and House Republican leaders led by Speaker Paul Ryan haveoffered sketchy replacement proposals featuring some combination of taxdeductions or credits to help people afford insurance, less regulation of healthplans, and more widespread use of high-deductible plans and health savingsaccounts.Fifty-seven percent of healthcare leaders surveyed said that approach mightoffer a viable alternative to the ACA framework. But 41% either stronglydisagreed or somewhat disagreed that the GOP's free-market model would offer aviable replacement package.If the GOP replacement reduces how much consumers pay for healthcare, "peoplewill be all over it," Hinton said. But "if anything happens with the ACA repealthat makes care more expensive, I don't think citizens will support it."There was less openness to Trump's and Ryan's proposals for converting Medicaidfrom an entitlement to a program of capped federal contributions to the states,which would give state leaders great flexibility in setting eligibility andbenefits. Ryan has said he sees that approach saving the federal government lotsof money.Fifty-five percent of the CEOs surveyed disagreed with the statement that theACA's Medicaid expansion to low-income adults should be maintained by turningthe program into block grants, while 40% agreed with that model."It might be good to let the states be creative, but if they cut more people offthe rolls, that wouldn't be good for providers or patients," said Conway, whosestate has expanded Medicaid."There's been a history that block grants can be a way to reduce spending,"Berdan said. "Will there be some sort of standard, mandatory benefit? Thedevil's in the details."On the other hand, 75% of healthcare leaders agreed with the idea of preservingthe Medicaid expansion while giving states more flexibility in how they designtheir programs. That could occur through Section 1115 waivers similar to thosegranted by the Obama administration to Arkansas, Indiana and Iowa."It all depends on how the state administers Medicaid," said Dr. Larry Kaiser,CEO of Temple University Health System in Philadelphia, whose state expandedMedicaid. "If there's any reduction in government payment, we as a safety nethospital would be the one suffering first."Several of the CEOs interviewed expressed misgivings about GOP proposals toexpand the use of high-deductible plans. Surveys show that consumers areincreasingly concerned about the affordability of care under these plans, whichare increasingly common in both the individual and employer markets."We've floated those deductibles so high that for the average person, it is nolonger insurance," said Presbyterian's Hinton, whose system operates aninsurance arm that withdrew from the ACA exchange market but still sellsindividual plans outside the exchange. "That pushes the burden onto hospitals orphysicians to collect what people may not have."Nearly all the CEOs surveyed said they want to see the ACA's emphasis onvalue-based payment maintained no matter what happens with the law. But the fateof the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation, which the ACA established todesign and operate value-based payment demonstrations, is in doubt under theTrump administration, creating uncertainty about who will lead this movement.CEOs said they would like to see the CMMI preserved, with 54% rejecting thestatement that it should not be allowed to establish mandatory demonstrations,such as its bundled-payment initiative for joint replacements in 67 markets."I think-I hope-that we'll continue to see there's value in having a nimble,well-financed research and development arm like CMMI," said Dr. RichardGilfillan, CEO of the 90-hospital Trinity Health system based in Livonia, Mich.,who was the center's first director. "How they decide to implement the findingsfrom CMMI is another question."On other issues, healthcare leaders chose prescription drug costs as their topconcern from a list of 15 issues-cited by 60.2% of participants. Other leadingpriorities were making healthcare for individuals and families more affordable(39.8%); developing a plan to address behavioral health (32.4%); investing morein improving public health and reducing health disparities (29%); and clarifyingantitrust policy on provider and insurer consolidation (22.6%).The CEOs said prescription drugs were the most unmanageable cost providers andpatients face, and they pleaded with policymakers to address the problem-thoughthey weren't confident the new administration would take on the powerfulpharmaceutical industry."Drug costs are a huge monkey on the back of health systems and consumers,"Presbyterian's Hinton said. "It's hard not to be outraged by some of these drugcosts. As a country we have to come to some agreement on this."Healthcare leaders are watching Washington closely to see what healthcarestrategies the Trump administration and congressional GOP leaders are devising.Intermountain Healthcare CEO Dr. Marc Harrison said his organization sentstrategy officers to Washington after the election to gather intelligence, andthey will report back to Salt Lake City headquarters this week.Marla Weston, CEO of the American Nurses Association, said her organization willstep up its lobbying to ensure that whatever ACA replacement plan Republicansdevelop is consistent with ANA principles. The association will be working withthe new Coalition to Keep America Covered to achieve those goals."We have a lot of new players in the new administration who don't have as muchinformation as we front-line providers have," Weston said. "We're hoping toeducate people on the drivers that really do improve access, quality andaffordability."For better or worse, healthcare leaders recognize big changes are likely aheadand their organizations will have to adapt, just as they laboriously did overthe past six years of ACA implementation. They just hope the new round ofreforms truly leads to a better healthcare system."We're all in this together when it comes to healthcare; it touches everybody,"Hinton said. "If we come together, we'll be a lot happier with the outcome."MH TAKEAWAYS Many healthcare CEOs say they're open to tweaks to the ACA'sinsurance marketplaces and Medicaid, but they also yearn for stability and fearthe consequences for their organizations and patients if millions of Americanslose coverage.