Yields on 10-year U.S. Treasuries hit a 2016 high in the days following the U.S.presidential election, but asset owners won't be boosting bond allocations justyet.Their reasoning: It's unclear whether higher yields are here to stay.The 10-year U.S. Treasury yields surged 40 basis points in the week ended Nov.18 to 2.3%, rising to close at 2.35% on Nov. 23, the highest level this year, asmarkets evaluated the impact of U.S. President-elect Donald J. Trump's upset andexpectations of rising interest rates and inflation.Bern-based David Engel, portfolio manager at the 36.5 billion Swiss franc ($39.9billion) Swiss Federal Pension Fund PUBLICA, which as a collective comprises 20pension funds, said: "Generally higher yield is positive for the overall fund,including liabilities. (Nevertheless) our strategy hasn't changed," he said."Since Mr. Trump hasn't even taken up office yet, we consider the current moveto be a market overreaction and therefore bond prices to at least stabilize inthe foreseeable future, before they start to fall, due to higher inflationexpectations and a more hawkish attitude from the (U.S. Federal Reserve)," saidArnd Sieben, Munich-based, CIO of BayernInvest Kapitalverwaltungsgesellschaft.Fiscal measures touted by Mr. Trump, including big tax cuts and increasedinfrastructure spending, solidified the expectation among global managers thatthe Fed will increase rates at its next meeting in mid-December.Asset owners and money managers say they have anticipated these developments.The fact that bond yields are going up at this point in the economic cycle didnot surprise them as much as the fact they did so soon after Mr. Trump'svictory.Mr. Sieben, whose capital management company, KAG fund, BayernInvest is partasset owner and part manager, said he doesn't expect institutional investors toimmediately tune asset allocation in favor of bonds."Those (investors) that need to serve regulatory requirements are limited andthose that need to meet nominal liabilities will have to wait for even higheryields to occur," he said.Luiz Cardosa, CIO of the $1 billion Nucleos-Instituto de Seguridade Social, Riode Janeiro, agreed with Mr. Sieben."We believe rates have to go up before institutional investors come back to themarket."Mr. Cardosa said the impact of Mr. Trump's election was "that our yield curvewas lifted because of expectations that he may implement a more active fiscalpolicy increasing government expenditures."He added "the central bank (in Brazil) has just started to reduce the short-termrate last month, therefore we will not move any money to U.S. 10- or 30-yearTreasuries."David Morton, chief market strategist at Rocaton Investment Advisers LLC basedin Norwalk, Conn., said "some asset owners with long-term views see elevatedyields as an opportunity to reinvest cash flow at a higher rate ... definitely apositive development for asset owners."Short-term modeIn a rising rate environment, asset owners and asset management firms areoperating in a short-term mode, preparing for the incoming president's firstmoves. Some global managers said they believe Mr. Trump's election potentiallyput an end to very low interest rates and that the expected fiscal stimulus willforce the U.S. central bank to accelerate the pace of future monetary policydecisions. According to them, the Fed will hike rates at least once in 2017.David Long, senior vice president and CIO, asset liability management,derivatives and fixed income at the $63.9 billion Healthcare of Ontario PensionPlan, Toronto, said "rates can probably rise from here both in U.S. and Europe.""As rule of thumb, if there is a market expectation of an interest rate hike,markets generally don't react but if there is an expectation and there is nohike - then we could see a different reaction."Twenty-five basis points on Fed funds in December is today's expectation," hesaid.There also is uncertainty about whether Mr. Trump will be able to carry out hisreforms. From long-term investors' point of view, the steepening of the yieldcurve in the short term does not alter the wait-and-see strategy.Rocaton's Mr. noted that an increase in interest rates by the expected 25 basispoints doesn't matter for 10-year and 30-year Treasury curves.Still, observing yields go up globally, European institutional investors mightbegin to tweak portfolios.As U.S. Treasury yields pull the trajectory of German bund yields upward,European asset owners agree they have gone up due to fundamentals, not onlybecause of Mr. Trump's election.Stockholm-based Par Magnusson, senior rate strategist, at Swedbank said, "Shortterm we expect a steeper U.S. curve relative to Germany and Scandinavia, whileseeing a potential for the spread to widen between 10-year U.S. Treasuries andother safe-haven sovereigns."BayernInvest's Mr. Sieben said, "We recommend a USD long position and toslightly shorten duration."Elevated yields have also delayed the prospect of tapering by the EuropeanCentral Bank, with some managers saying it is now almost certain to extend QEbeyond its current schedule.According to Leon Cornelissen, chief economist of Rotterdam-based Robeco,elevated bond yields mean more eligible instruments are available in themarketplace for the ECB to purchase. "It is now most probable that (ECBPresident Mario) Draghi will extend the QE because any tapering would pushyields higher up," he added.According to Stephan Hirschbrich, head of global rates at Union Investment inFrankfurt, yields of 10-year U.S. government bonds will be at 2.8% by the end of2017 and 10-year German government bonds will be at 0.6% yield, compared withthe present 0.35%, he said."QE extension should also set a limit to price losses," he said.Volatility is expected to continue to be a theme in the coming months.The Italian referendum on Dec. 4, centering on constitutional reform, couldbring tapering back into the mix, managers said.Another big unknown: The outcome of 2017's presidential election in France.Polls suggest far-right leader Marine Le Pen is expected to make it to the finalrun-off in May."Should Le Pen win the French election all bets are off and we could see amassive flight to quality in the bond market," said Mr. Magnusson.