Many nations refuseto cooperate or delay the process; some retaliatePresident-elect Donald Trump's vow to begin deporting undocumented immigrantcriminals means confronting two of the United States' biggest trading partnersas well as dozens of other countries, allies and foes that have refused tocooperate on the issue or that significantly delay the repatriation process.The State and Homeland Security departments list 23 countries as "uncooperative"for refusing to take back many of their citizens who came to the United States -in some cases decades ago - and have been ordered deported after being convictedof felonies.Cuba tops the list, followed by China, Somalia, India and Ghana.Traffic offenses, especially driving under the influence of alcohol, accountedfor the largest category of convictions, followed by drug offenses and larceny.In most cases, the immigrants, who do not hold U.S. citizenship, have nopassport or birth certificate to prove their original citizenship, and theirhome countries refuse to issue new travel documents.Once they have completed prison time in the United States, they cannot continueto be held pending deportation, following a 2001 Supreme Court decision thatfound that the United States cannot detain them indefinitely. The court ruledthat they must be released within 180 days of serving their sentence, even iftheir home countries won't accept them.An additional 62 countries - led by Vietnam, Haiti, Brazil, Pakistan and Senegal-  are accused by the U.S. government of dragging their feet in issuing traveldocuments. And without valid travel papers, authorities here are unable to putpeople on planes home.This list includes allies such as Slovenia, the Czech Republic, Greece, Swedenand Turkey, as well as foes such as Syria and Russia.Absent from both lists is Mexico, which has been the focus of some of Trump'smost heated statements about undocumented immigrants who commit crimes.During the presidential campaign and in interviews after the election, Trumpsaid he would make it a priority to track down and deport as many as 2 millionto 3 million undocumented immigrants with criminal records."What we are going to do is get the people that are criminal and have criminalrecords - gang members, drug dealers, we have a lot of these people, probably 2million, it could be even 3 million," he said in an interview with CBS's "60Minutes." "We are getting them out of our country or we are going toincarcerate. But we're getting them out of our country; they're here illegally."Many immigration experts say the numbers are probably not nearly that high. In2012, the Obama administration estimated that 1.9 million people in the countrywere "removable criminal aliens." But that number includes people with greencards, who are legal residents, and people convicted of nonviolent crimes. TheMigration Policy Institute, a nonpartisan research organization, estimates thatabout 820,000 of 1.9 million deportable criminals were undocumented.The State Department has played hardball twice to force repatriations, bothtimes targeting small countries.In 2001, the United States imposed a visa ban on government officials fromGuyana, a South American country that had delayed receiving deportees. Itcomplied within months.In September, the State Department stopped issuing visas to government officialsin Gambia, an African country with about 1,200 citizens in the United States whohave final deportation orders. The following month, according to a spokesman forImmigration and Customs Enforcement, the Gambian Embassy issued travel documentsto 11 citizens.Gambian officials say they have complied and are hopeful that the visa ban willbe lifted soon."We could not identify them, that they really were Gambians," said Hamba Manneh,a consular officer with the embassy. "We asked ICE to send us another list.We've issued travel documents, and now they are sending them back home."Cracking down on countries that are blocking or delaying deportations can invitereciprocal measures, affecting international business, tourism and human rights,said Doris Meissner, a former commissioner of the Immigration and NaturalizationService. As a result, the State Department has tried to negotiate with countriesreluctant to take back their citizens."Typically, the country would retaliate and say, 'If you're not issuing visas tous, we won't issue visas to you,' " said Meissner, now a fellow at the MigrationPolicy Institute. "Or they will suspend visas they already have issued. Rightaway, it puts a lot of stuff into play that hurts the United States. Businesstravel, the transfer of executives, foreign students going back and forth,tourism."But some lawmakers want a more forceful response. Senate Judiciary CommitteeChairman Charles E. Grassley (R-Iowa) has accused the Obama administration offailing to use its authority to stop issuing visas as leverage to forcecooperation."Lives are being lost, the public's safety is at risk and American families aresuffering," he said in a June letter to Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson."It cannot continue."Chuck Ambrose, a retired federal prosecutor in Kansas City, said he has dealtwith the failure to act. In 2005, he said he prosecuted an Afghan citizen whoconspired to distribute cocaine, but after his release from prison, the man wasnot repatriated. Ambrose said the Afghan subsequently took part in a viciousassault on a Marine, and Ambrose had to prosecute him again in 2009."Among the 23 countries that are listed, two stuck out at me - Afghanistan andIraq," Ambrose said. "I cannot imagine two nations we would have more leverageover. ... I think our State Department should grow some teeth, rather thanflapping their gums."In testimony before the House Oversight Committee this summer, Michele ThorneBond, assistant secretary for consular affairs, said her staff and Secretary ofState John F. Kerry raised the issue in meetings with some of the laggardcountries. But she said repatriations of convicted criminals sometimes gettangled up with conflicting interests.Cuba, she said, will consider taking back its citizens only if there are changesto U.S. policy on Cuban migration. China links its cooperation with the returnof fugitives accused of criminal acts in China, but who may, in fact, have fledthe country for political reasons.Bond also noted that Chinese visitors contribute $29 billion to the U.S. economyannually, and 2,000 American families adopted children from China last year -all of which could be affected by a dispute with China.India, too, is deeply intertwined with the United States and, for instance,sends 130,000 students here each year.Officials at the Indian Embassy said they are willing to take back theirnationals - once offered proof of citizenship.carol.morello@washpost.com