Last December, amid the jumbled Republican presidential nomination scrum, DonaldTrump carved out half an hour for a live video interview with a volcanic Austinradio and web-streaming host who broadcasts from a semi-secret location dubbed"The Central Texas Command Center and the Heart of the Resistance."Alex Jones, America's foremost purveyor of outlandish conspiracy theories, wasin a buoyant mood that day. He'd had Matt Drudge, the influential conservativenews aggregator, on recently. But this was much bigger.Trump wasted no time signaling that his mind-set aligned with the host's. Trumpsaid he wouldn't apologize for asserting that large numbers of Muslims in NewJersey celebrated the collapse of the twin towers in the Sept. 11, 2001,terrorist attacks, a claim that fact-checkers have repeatedly refuted."People like you and I can't do that so easily," the New York developer,speaking from his office in Trump Tower, said. He would later call Jones "a niceguy."The December interview would reverberate into the general election as HillaryClinton tried to use it to paint Trump as an irresponsible crackpot associatingwith an irresponsible crackpot. It also pushed Jones, who operates the websitesInfowars.com and Prisonplanet.com, from the realm of niche showman into themainstream national dialogue. The man who said that the Newtown, Conn., schoolshooting was a "hoax" involving child actors and claimed that elements of theU.S. government were responsible for bombing the Oklahoma City federal buildingand for the 9/11 attacks had been granted an enormous new audience."I think Alex Jones may be the single most important voice in the alternativeconservative media," says Roger Stone, the Nixon-era political trickster whoorchestrated Trump's appearance on the show.Early last week, Trump seemed to confirm Jones's status. Jones says Trump calledto promise he would return to the program to thank the Infowars audience, anextraordinary gesture for an incoming president whose schedule is packed withcalls from world leaders and the enormous task of overseeing the transition. Thepresident-elect's team hasn't confirmed that the conversation took place.Stone, who takes credit for persuading Jones to support Trump, envisions the Webimpresario as a potent force during the new administration, a bridge between thepresidency and a restless, skeptical slice of the population. "He's a valuableasset - somebody has to rally the people around President Trump's legislativeprogram," Stone says.Jones, who did not respond to interview requests, got his start hosting apublic-access television program in Austin, where he grew up, the son of adentist. He speaks cryptically about his family, fostering an aura of mystiquewhen he says that his father's patients included CIA officials who were soimportant that they had to be guarded while under anesthesia."I had some family that did some things for the CIA," he once said.In Austin, a city with a distinct embrace of quirky characters, Jones'shistrionics could sometimes be a source of college-keg-party amusement. Hebecame pals with the Austin-based filmmaker Richard Linklater, who cast him insmall roles in the 2001 film "Waking Life" and in "A Scanner Darkly" in 2006."He's really smart. ... I like the way he thinks," Linklater said with a smileduring a Huffington Post Live interview to promote his 2013 film, "BeforeMidnight."But Linklater added that he didn't share some of his friend's more controversialviews: "I don't agree 9/11 was an inside job." On the couch next to Linklater, ashocked look crossed the face of the film's co-star, Julie Delpy. (Linklaterdeclined to be interviewed for this article.)Jones is a thickly constructed 42-year-old with bright piercing eyes and aretreating hairline. His Facebook bio describes him as "ruggedly handsome." Hisrhetorical style resembles an avalanche. He makes assertions with the scantiestof proof, but delivered with utter certainty. His monologues explode withemotion. Some days he appears to be sobbing, holding his face in his hands. Thenhe's making deep, guttural growling noises. Then he's howling.The Internet is thick with video clips labeled "Alex Jones Epic RANT!!" or "AlexJones unleashed!" or "Epic meltdown." The more he screams, the more they listen.It's as if he's one-upping himself in real time. During one show he went off onClinton, calling her "a witch." But he didn't stop there. She is "evil," hesaid, "a whore of Babylon drunk on the blood of the saints."He stuck out his tongue and unloosed a menacing yowl."So demonic," he said.Jones is also a filmmaker , having produced a stream of long, densely scripted,often thinly supported documentaries with titles such as "Terrorstorm: A Historyof Government-Sponsored Terrorism," "9/11: The Road to Tyranny," and "Fall ofthe Republic: The Presidency of Barack H. Obama." In his films, as well as hishours-long radio and Web broadcasts, Jones frequently returns to his core themeof the threat posed by shadowy, malevolent, elite "globalists" bent on worldwidedomination.The United Nations, he claims, intends to release plagues that will kill off 80percent of the people in the world. The remaining population, he says, will beherded into crowded cities where they will be enslaved by the elite, turning theEarth into a "prison planet." A smaller population would mean the elite wouldhave less competition for mysterious "life extension technologies."The recurrent message is that these powerful interests foment insecurity to thenfoist policy changes on an addled public. Hence, the shooting at Sandy HookElementary School in Newtown, in Jones's telling, was confected to thrust guncontrol on America."Sandy Hook is a completely fake, with actors, in my view, manufactured. Icouldn't believe it at first," Jones said on one program. "I know they hadactors there clearly. But I thought they killed some real kids."Other tragedies, such as the Boston Marathon bombing, he says, were "falseflags" employing CIA-manipulated dupes who take the blame. The raid on Osama binLaden's compound was faked because the terrorist leader was a CIA asset. TheBureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives was behind the Oklahoma Cityfederal building bombing. It goes on. And on. And on.In the mid-1990s, at the outset of Jones's career, he was befriended by TedAnderson, the owner of Midas Resources, a Minnesota gold coins and preciousmetals firm that sponsored his show. In an interview, Anderson recalls the youngJones as having "a lot of drive. Not a terribly big audience. At that time itwas just raw energy. He's more refined now."Anderson was the founder of "The Ron Paul Air Corps," a group of pilots who flewplanes pulling banners promoting the "Ron Paul Revolution" during the formercongressman's 2008 presidential run. Paul, who has appeared frequently onJones's program, did not respond to an interview request.Now, another Anderson company, Genesis Communications Network, syndicates theAlex Jones program to 129 radio stations, many of them in small markets. It'sdifficult to confirm Jones's audience size, but the host has said he has 5million daily radio listeners and recently topped 80 million video views in asingle month. He claims to have a bigger audience than Rush Limbaugh.Jones is able to multiply his audience by simulcasting his radio programming viahis website and further spreading its reach on his YouTube channel. The costsare minuscule in comparison to running, say, a cable television network, andit's conceivable he could be generating millions in profits.One of the engines of his media fiefdom is the sale of Infowars-brandedproducts, including T-shirts and Infowars-branded dietary supplements andcleansers. He touts the company's detoxifiers, including one made from the greenhulls of black walnuts, the bark of a South American tree (the quassia) and thebuds of organic cloves. For the survivalists in his audience, he offers a $1,797"Infowars Life Select" one-year food supply.Jones has always had flair for the dramatic, as he displayed during this year'sRepublican National Convention when he stormed onto the set of the liberalprogram "The Young Turks," and got into a shoving match with the hosts thatlooked like it could have come straight out of "The Jerry Springer Show."Jones was largely ignored  by the mainstream media. But in 2006, he drewsubstantial attention from cable news programs when the actor Charlie Sheen,then the star of the popular TV show "Two and a Half Men," appeared on his showand agreed with Jones that the government might be covering up the true story ofthe 9/11 terrorist attacks.Suddenly, Jones had a perch as a guest on CNN. On the network, he boasted thathe had "intel" two months before Sept. 11, 2001, that "elements of themilitary-industrial complex were going to carry out the attacks. I said they'lluse bin Laden. ... That is their patsy to take blame for attacking the towers."The excitement about the Sheen comments would die down, but Jones neverrelented, returning to the allegations over and over. His claims about"globalists" were interpreted by some critics as a veiled anti-Semitic code.Jones appeared eager to address the suggestion during a program in which heturned his attention to the Emanuel brothers: Rahm, Zeke and Ari."They're always trying to claim that if I talk about world government andcorruption, I'm anti-Semitic," Jones told his audience. "The Emanuels are Jewishmafia. It's not that Jews are bad. It's just that they are the head of theJewish mafia in the United States."Jones's remarks have put him in the crosshairs of the Southern Poverty LawCenter, which has labeled him an "extremist." In an interview, the center'sHeidi Beirich called Jones a "gateway drug for people who end up in harderaspects of the movement," such as neo-Nazi groups.She pointed to the case of Jerad and Amanda Miller, a couple who died in ashootout after the ambush killing of two police officers and the murder of onecivilian in Las Vegas. Citing the pair's Internet postings, Beirich describedthe couple as "Alex Jones superfans," who moved on to other groups andeventually violence.After the shooting, Jones said on his program that "my gut tells me that thecoldblooded, degenerate, evil killing ... is absolutely staged, ladies andgentlemen. ... There is so much proof that this was staged that my mind explodedwith hundreds of data points, and quite frankly it's conclusive."Anderson, Jones's radio syndicator, doesn't mind the criticisms of his starhost: "As long as they spell Alex Jones correctly, they can think of him any waythey want," he says.Jones gained an important ally in 2013 when he met Roger Stone in Dallas. Stonewas there to promote a book he'd written suggesting that Lyndon Johnson wasbehind the assassination of John F. Kennedy.A couple of years later, Stone says, a Jones employee reconnected them."We really kind of hit it off," Stone says. "He's fearless. A showman. He likesa drink. A cigar. Bawdy stories. Hunting and fishing. He's a man's man."Stone says he had spent nearly three decades trying to figure out how to makeDonald Trump president. He thought his new friend, Jones, could help.He particularly liked the idea of Trump appearing on the Jones shows, because"they are reaching the Trump constituencies," Stone says. "They are reaching thepeople who knock on the doors."Trump, according to Stone, wasn't difficult to persuade. The president-elect is"an inveterate watcher of television. He has watched Infowars," Stone says."They hit it off."During his wide-ranging interview with Trump in December, Jones hit on themes atthe center of the mogul's candidacy, such as radical Islamists allegedlyflooding into the country and a re-evaluation of Russian President VladimirPutin."Why are we starting a fight with Russia when they're not doing anything to us?"Jones asked.Trump responded that Putin is "tough and he's smart. He's a difficult cookie. Iwill probably get along well with him."As the campaign progressed, Jones became more and more of a presence. Hemarketed "Hillary for Prison" T-shirts, and they became wildly popular. Stonerecalls Trump remarking to him that he liked seeing so many of the shirts in theaudience at his rallies.Clinton took notice. In late August, during a stump speech in Reno, Nev.,Clinton called out Trump's attacks on her health as "fever dreams.""It's what happens when you listen to the radio host Alex Jones, who claims that9/11 and the Oklahoma City bombings were inside jobs," Clinton told heraudience. She noted that Trump had told the radio host: "Your reputation isamazing. I will not let you down."Jones was now, officially, a campaign issue.Jones, in response, does what Jones does: He went ballistic, blasting Clintonfor months. In October, he wondered aloud to his audience, "I'm told there's arotten smell around Hillary. ... Folks, I've been told this by high-up folks.Obama and Hillary both smell like sulfur."The president took the bait. During a campaign appearance for Clinton, less thana month before the election, Obama said that "a guy on the radio" had beencalling him and Clinton "demons" who "smelled like sulfur." To illustrate hispoint, the president sniffed his hand. "I mean, c'mon," Obama said with a bigsmile.It all seemed meant to make Jones and Trump look like jokes. But Stone wasloving it."They're merely making him bigger," Stone says, looking back. "They're onlymaking him more important. I think it had the reverse effect."On election night, Stone joined Jones at his friend's Austin studio. They poppedopen champagne.Jones had much to celebrate. But he was worried, he told his audience. He's beenwarning about it for a long time: Elites will try to assassinate Trump. Jonescan feel it in his gut.manuel.roig-franzia@washpost.com