Charnice Milton.That's whom those two guys cranking out fake news in a California apartmentshould have given some thought to during this election cycle.Milton was a 27-year-old journalist fatally shot at a bus stop in SoutheastWashington last year, on her way home from covering a late-night communitymeeting at Eastern Market.She was used as a human shield in a gunfight, her killing still unsolved. Andshe was at that deadly place because of the precise way she practiced her craft,the real journalism that so much of America walked away from during thepresidential campaign.Instead of relying on the kind of quality reporting done by dedicated, trainedjournalists who value facts, too many Americans devoured the kind of fake newsthat the likes of Paris Wade and Ben Goldman vomit into the universe."Our audience does not trust the mainstream media," Goldman, 26, told TheWashington Post's Terrence McCoy.McCoy hung out during election week with the fake-news guys, who describethemselves as the "new yellow journalists."Puhleeze, guys. You don't get to call yourselves any kind of journalists.These knobs, who were unemployed restaurant workers six months ago, make moremoney pounding out false news from a California beach town rental than the vastmajority of legitimate journalists who devote their lives to covering schoolboard meetings, city council sessions, community gatherings - the ones who stayuntil the end of a late meeting to make sure they don't miss a thing. LikeMilton did.Fake-news hucksters don't leave their apartment to find stories, they don'tinterview any humans, they don't have any sources.They are part of the snake-oil empire that had more engagement on Facebook inthe past three months of the presidential campaign "than the top stories frommajor news outlets such as the New York Times, Washington Post, Huffington Post,NBC News and others," according to an analysis by BuzzFeed."There's not a ton of thought put into it," Wade told The Post, about the way hemanufactures fake stories from his sofa, such as: "BREAKING: Michelle Obamaholds Feminist Rally At HER SLAVE HOUSE!" or "THE TRUTH IS OUT! The MediaDoesn't Want You To See What Hillary Did After Losing."And what do they get for this?"YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE I TRUST TO REPORT THE TRUTH." That's the kind of love theyget from a faithful reader.I wish readers like that got a chance to hang out with these two guys, trollingthe universe from their living room, sometimes making the average Americanworker's yearly salary in just one month of fabricated news. And then I wishthose readers had followed Milton around on her beat one day.Milton wasn't one of The Post's foreign correspondents dodging gunfire in a warzone. Nor was she bloodied while trying to interview people during a riot. Andshe wasn't running toward a deadly tornado while everyone else ran in the otherdirection. Those are all things real reporters do. Last year, at least 72journalists were killed around the world doing some of those things, accordingto the Committee to Protect Journalists.Milton was at a community meeting late at night to chronicle mundane detailsabout merchant parking, Farm Fresh Tuesdays, neighborhood brochures andconstruction progress. They are the kinds of stories just about all realreporters have written at some point in their careers.And, like so many of them, Milton was determined to stay until the very end ofthe meeting so she wouldn't miss a fact. A vote. A topic. So she got it rightfor her readers.And because she stayed so long, she had to take a late bus, which put her in anunsafe place and led to her death.The kind of reporting she did is in danger of disappearing as local newspapersstruggle to make money in the digital age. And the explosion of fake news hasfurther eroded the media landscape.Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg said last week that the company is trying tofind ways to curb the hoaxes and fake reports that rocket across the globe usingits engine."The problems here are complex, both technically and philosophically," he wrotein a post, explaining that Facebook has a balancing act in finding the rightplace between censorship and propagating dangerous untruths.For anyone who cares about democracy in the age of Donald Trump, there isnothing more disturbing than two guys sitting on a couch, fabricating storiesand counting the cash they get with thousands of clicks.Charnice Milton didn't do that. We have to find a way to honor her life and herwork by valuing real reporting.petula.dvorak@washpost.comTwitter: @petuladRead more Petula Dvorak:In liberal D.C., the arrival of Donald Trump is triggering an identity crisisStop protesting democracy. Saying #notmypresident is the same as saying #notmyconstitutionAmerican women have always had to fight for our rights. We can't stop fightingnow.They existed in a girls-can-do-anything world. Then Donald Trump won the WhiteHouse.