Who will dress Melania Trump? Will Michelle Obama ever run for office?Although our modern fascination with first ladies plays out on Instagram andPinterest, it is anything but of-the-moment - and Washington got a reminder ofthe long-standing nature of the obsession with a Thursday night screening of"Jackie," the Oscar-buzzed-about movie starring Natalie Portman in the titularrole.Before the movie rolled, with an audience that included members of Congress,media types like Huffington Post's Howard Fineman, and assorted VIPs (oh, look,it's Eric Holder and his wife, Sharon Malone), Portman and the movie's creatorstook to the red carpet, like a panel of cable commentators, to hold forth on therole of FLOTUS.Portman, whose portrayal of the glamorous wife of John F. Kennedy is drawingraves, noted that her character helped create today's expectations for the gig."Jackie was one of the first, along with Eleanor Roosevelt, to have a realagenda," Portman said, referring to Jackie Kennedy's work on historicalpreservation and the arts."Since then, first ladies, and hopefully in the future, first spouses, will bethis sort of extra gift that the country gets when they get their president -it's not an elected person, it's not an official role ... but they're stillhelping our country become a better place," Portman said.And director Pablo Larraín saw in Mrs. Kennedy a shrewdness that would befitany wife of a modern-day president. "She had a political sense that, believe me,the political leaders of this world would love to have one third of that,"Larraín said.So what message can today's audience glean from the on-screen depiction ofJackie Kennedy's excruciating hours and days following her husband'sassassination?"It sends a message that the way our public officials and their families conductthemselves really matters," says writer Noah Oppenheim, who clearly thinksthat's no small thing. Jackie, he said, "belongs in the pantheon of Americanheroes for the way she conducted herself."Though they were located somewhere between the Capitol dome and the White House(and a stone's throw from the Trump hotel), the movie folks steered clear ofdishing directly on contemporary politics. Portman had campaigned for Democraticpresidential candidate Hillary Clinton and called a potential Donald Trumppresidency "catastrophic."But asked on the red carpet what she hoped her pal and fellow Harvard alum JaredKushner would advise his father-in-law, she gave a canned non-answer that mighthave just make Jackie Kennedy proud: "I hope for the best for our country, asall of us do."And later, when an audience member queried during a post-screeningquestion-and-answer session about what advice she has for Melania Trump, she wasjust a little flip. "I don't know. ... Don't ride in convertibles."emily.heil@washpost.com