By Election Day, ambitious Democrats had already resigned themselves to aneight-year wait for their chance in the national spotlight. Hillary Clinton wasan overwhelming favorite against Donald Trump and, assuming she won, running aprimary challenge against her in four years would be a fool's errand.Then Clinton lost.Although this most stunning upset in modern presidential history has produced(and will produce) a thousand aftershocks, one of the most unlikely andimportant is that the Democratic presidential nomination in 2020 is now open.That opening is made all the more remarkable by the fact that there is simply nological heir (or even heirs) to President Obama or Clinton - no obviouscandidate waiting in the wings to step forward and rebuild the party. VicePresident Biden appears to have decided that he is done running for office. As atwo-time loser, Clinton is done, too. And after that, the bench is, well, prettythin.Politics, of course, abhors a vacuum. So candidates will run. Here is a look atwho they might be:Sen. Cory Booker : Booker has been a national figure since the mid-2000s, whenhe was elected mayor of Newark. His résumé - football at Stanford University, aRhodes scholarship - is impressive, and many Democrats see the young (he's 47),charismatic, African American U.S. senator from New Jersey as the second comingof Obama. But the campaign that Booker ran for the Senate in 2013 was morecompetitive than it should have been largely because of his shaky performance.He might start the 2020 race as the front-runner, but he still has lots ofquestions that need answering.Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand : Gillibrand may be the most logical heir to Clinton inthe 2020 field, but it remains to be seen whether that is a good thing. WhenObama chose Clinton to be secretary of state, Gillibrand was appointed to herSenate seat in New York and then won two subsequent elections to hold the seat,thanks to rock-star-level fundraising. Gillibrand, according to the New YorkPost, is already feeling out some of Clinton's major donors about what comesnext for the party. At 49, Gillibrand is one of a handful of women primed to bethe next generation of female leaders for Democrats.Sen.-elect Kamala Harris : Harris will not officially become a U.S. senator fromCalifornia for more than a month, but she is already regarded asnational-candidate material in four years. It is not hard to see why. She is thefirst African American woman elected to the Senate since Carol Moseley Braun in1992. Harris also represents the largest and most Democratic state in thecountry, a huge financial launchpad to a presidential bid. (Through mid-October,Harris had raised more than $13 million for her Senate candidacy.) Herlaw-and-order background - she was elected and reelected attorney general inCalifornia - also will appeal to many Democrats. Whether Harris wants to - orwill be ready to - run for national office so soon after being elected to theSenate remains to be seen.Gov. John Hickenlooper : The Colorado governor was almost Clinton'svice-presidential pick this time around. And in a field filled with Washingtontypes, the governor of a swing state in the West could have real appeal.Hickenlooper also has a terrific life story - a Denver brewery owner who becamemayor and governor - and a down-home demeanor that screams, "I am not apolitician." Hickenlooper's biggest problem as a candidate may be that he isviewed as too moderate for the current Democratic Party. But some governor(Missouri's Jay Nixon? Delaware's Jack Markell?) will run for president, and, atthe moment, Hickenlooper seems first among equals for that role.Sen. Amy Klobuchar : Like Gillibrand, Klobuchar is an accomplished and ambitioussenator who cuts the sort of profile that should put her in the mix for 2020.Unlike Gillibrand, though, Klobuchar represents Minnesota - not exactly afundraising hotbed for a national candidate. But she has an interestinglegislative background - she worked with Rep. John Kline (R-Minn.) to ensurethat veterans got the leave benefits they were promised before deploying, andshe is a leading voice on adoption in the Senate.First lady Michelle Obama : Let's say this first: The soon-to-be-former firstlady has never run for elected office and, to date, has shown absolutely nointerest in doing so. But let's also say this: She gave the two best politicalspeeches of the past two years - the first at the Democratic National Conventionin July, the second in New Hampshire in the fall, an emotional condemnation ofTrump's America. Obama has one thing - with the possible exception of Booker -that the rest of the people on this list lack: true star power. She would startthe race not only totally known by base Democrats but also absolutely beloved.The issue for Obama is that being a candidate in your own right is verydifferent from being a surrogate for a candidate.chris.cillizza@washpost.com