Since the election, I, among others, have pointed out that Donald Trump wouldnot be able to keep his promise of repealing the rest of Obamacare whileprotecting people with "preexisting conditions." To do so would still requireeveryone to buy insurance - the controversial "individual mandate" - while stillrequiring insurers to offer policies to anyone who wants to buy one at thestandard "community" rate.It would be wrong, however, for Democrats to jump from that observation to theconclusion that there aren't other ways to structure a health insurance marketto achieve near-universal coverage at affordable prices. Republicans haveproposed a number of credible ideas that could preserve most of the gains fromthe Affordable Care Act while restructuring the system to better conform toconservative, market-oriented principles. A few would even make the system moreefficient and more progressive.Broadly speaking, these Republican plans would induce more of the young andhealthy into the market with lower premiums, even as premiums rise for those whoare older and sicker. Most plans would abolish many of the health law's taxesand reduce federal regulation of insurance markets while preserving some but notall of the premium subsidies for the poor and working class.The most interesting and radical of the Republican ideas is to eliminate thetax-free treatment of employer-paid health insurance and use the $260 billion inincreased revenue to give tax credits for every American to offset the cost ofbuying health insurance. This idea was proposed by Republican candidate JohnMcCain in the 2008 presidential campaign and has now been picked up in oneproposal by Republican Sens. Richard Burr (N.C.) and Orrin G. Hatch (Utah) andRep. Fred Upton (Mich.), and in another by Avik Roy, head of a new conservativethink tank.The current exclusion is the largest and one of the most regressive tax breaksin the current income tax code. The biggest benefits go to people who have thehighest incomes and have the most expensive health insurance policies, whilepeople who are unemployed or work for employers who don't offer health insurancedon't get any tax benefit. The only justification for such a regressive andinefficient tax is a political one: Eliminating it would trigger fiercepolitical opposition from big business and big labor.In these proposals, the tax credit would be adjusted by age and income and besufficient to allow those with median incomes or lower to buy "catastrophic"insurance that would cover major medical incidents. Individuals and theiremployers would be free to supplement the catastrophic policy and buy anotherlayer of more comprehensive coverage but only with after-tax dollars. Or theycould put additional money in a tax-free health savings account to pay forroutine medical care not covered by insurance. The government could depositadditional money in the health saving accounts of lower-income households.By tying the level of the tax credit to the cost of catastrophic insurance, awell-designed Republican "replacement" could make it possible for all Americansto afford less-expensive basic coverage without resorting to a mandate. Surelythis is a framework with which Democrats should be able to work as analternative to the Affordable Care Act, which relies instead on an individualmandate, premium subsidies for the poor and working class and a "Cadillac tax"on gold-plated insurance policies. Like Obamacare, it would require insurers tosell policies to everyone at the standard rate, albeit with greater variationbased on age. Unlike Obamacare, the structure of the tax benefits would beprogressive rather than regressive.Democrats at this point will surely complain that catastrophic insurance isunacceptable because it leaves households responsible for paying thousands ofdollars for routine medical bills until insurance kicks in. After all, a lot ofpeople resent large co-payments and deductibles, even if they lower premiums.And there is evidence that if low-income households are required to pay anythingout of pocket, they will not get necessary preventive or routine medical care,putting them at risk for getting seriously sick later on.But there is equally compelling evidence that when people have health insurancethat covers any and all medical expenses, they act like hungry football playersat an all-you-can-eat buffet, consuming much more health care than they need,irrespective of cost, driving up health insurance premiums for themselves andeveryone else. When people pay for routine health care the way they pay forother necessities, they are more likely to buy only what they need and shoparound for the best value.Both sides in this debate overstate their case.Democrats have a bad habit of assuming that people - particularly poor people -aren't smart enough to figure out how to best spend their health-care dollarswithout guidance from the nanny state.At the same time, the Republican case for "consumer-driven" health careoverstates the degree to which most of us are willing or able to shop for value.When it comes to medical care, our instinct is to think that low price means lowquality. (Would you go to surgeon who advertises, "Special This Week Only! HipReplacements: Two for the Price of One!) And how are we supposed to shop forvalue when lying half-conscious in the back of an ambulance?Given the political realities, Democrats should be willing to accept a systembuilt around high-deductible insurance as long as such policies also coverproven preventive care and treatment of chronic conditions.In exchange for expanding the role of tax-free health savings accounts,Democrats could insist that the accounts of low-income families receivegovernment subsidies to cover a significant share of their out-of-pocket medicalexpenses.In exchange for going along with the Republican push for "consumer-driven"health care, Democrats could insist that consumers have the tools they need tomake good decisions. Doctors, hospitals and drug companies could be required toprovide clear, simple information on prices and quality. Providers could beprohibited from charging more for individuals paying their own bills than theycharge the largest insurance company. And to ensure a genuinely competitivemarket, rather than the fake one we have now, Democrats could demand stepped-upantitrust enforcement against hospitals, insurers and drug companies, whiletaking away from medical associations the power to limit the supply ofphysicians and prevent nurses from performing routine tasksIn exchange for hard caps on insurance industry profits and administrativecosts, insurers could be required to disclose how much of every premium dollargoes to pay for medical services.And in exchange for less federal control, state regulators could be given theoption to maintain as much of the Affordable Care Act architecture as theychose.Inevitably, some laudable features of Obamacare will be lost in a bipartisancompromise. Elections matter. But it's worth remembering that President-electDonald Trump and his Republican allies will be as desperate to show they canmake good on their promise to painlessly repeal and replace Obamacare asDemocrats are desperate to preserve it as is.Democrats can leverage that reality to their advantage. Rather than simplydemonizing all Republican ideas and rejecting them out of hand, Democrats mightdo well to acknowledge the changed political environment and negotiate a betteralternative to the Affordable Care Act than the one the Republican Congress willdeliver if forced to rely on the votes of their most conservative members.pearlstein@washpost.com