The walls of the waiting area in the West Los Angeles headquarters of BreitbartNews Network are decorated with three TV screens, one each for Fox News, CNN andMSNBC. On the coffee table is a Ronald Reagan picture book and Donald Trumpcoloring book, where the president-elect is portrayed as various superheroes andhistorical figures.For security reasons, the front door remains locked, and there is no signageindicating that this nondescript location is in fact ground zero of a mediamovement that helped elect one of the most polarizing presidential candidates inmemory. Breitbart, in fact, not only promoted Trump on its popular news andopinion site but also loaned its executive chairman, Steve Bannon, to Trump,first to run his campaign and now as his chief counselor.On Nov. 17, a dozen writers huddle in a room mostly made of glass - their"hashtag war room" - a nod to founder Andrew Breitbart who, before his death in2012, declared war on the "Democratic-Media Complex." The mostly 30-somethingstaffers are remarkably jovial, considering the Democrats' descriptions of thestaff as hateful bigots who threaten the very fabric of the nation (the groupfancies itself as America-loving patriots). Most of them, in fact, can tellstories of cousins, friends, long-lost school mates - even Uber drivers - who'velaunched unprompted attacks on their character. They are unable to fathom howanyone could work for Breitbart or Bannon and not be a racist, homophobe oranti-Semite."It's a complete smear campaign from the mainstream media to undermine ourinfluence and undermine the power Bannon has now," says Breitbart News CEO LarrySolov. "It didn't work against Trump, and it won't work against us. This is apolitical war, and it can get ugly." The Southern Poverty Law Center is accusingthe site of publishing stories that "demonized immigrants" and also iscollecting 360,000 signatures on a petition telling Trump to fire Bannon."This is all the left has - they call us names," says editor-in-chief AlexMarlow, who denies claims of racism and defends provocative headlines like"Political Correctness Protects Muslim Rape Culture." "They do this everyelection. The vitriol against George W. Bush was nearly as bad. It's always,'You're a racist, sexist, bigot.' That's easier than debating ideas," saysMarlow.Read more: Ringside With Steve Bannon at Trump Tower as the President-Elect'sStrategist Plots "An Entirely New Political Movement" (Exclusive)Solov, an attorney, claims to be considering a lawsuit against a major mediacompany that has been advancing the notion that Breitbart is "promoting whitenationalism." (CNN and MSNBC are among those who've insinuated that.) But it'sthe bit about him running a company that's anti-Semitic that really galls him,given he is Jewish, as was Breitbart, and the two formulated the concept oftheir media company while on a trip to Jerusalem in 2007, swearing that theircoverage "would be unapologetically pro-freedom and pro-Israel."But defending Breitbart from charges of bigotry - while also convincing readersit is more than a mouthpiece for Trump - is only the first step in a broaderplan to extend Breitbart's reach and take advantage of a surge in popularity(comScore says unique visitors to Breitbart.com more than doubled in two yearsto 15.8 million in September).Solov says he will open bureaus in Germany and France in the next few months, aswell as expand its existing offices in Jerusalem, Texas, London and Washington.Breitbart is adding to its staff of 115 worldwide, and insiders say there aretalks to expand its Breitbart Daily show on Sirius XM into an entire channel onthe satellite radio platform. Plus, Solov says he wants to "take the next stepinto video and television" with a channel streamed online or via traditionalcable."Breitbart is to the Trump campaign as Area 51 is to the Air Force - amysterious site for weapons testing," says John Pitney, a professor of Americanpolitics at Claremont McKenna College. "In his policies, Trump may have to bowto the realities of politics and arithmetic. If so, he will need a voice on theright to defend his reversals and compromises. Breitbart could play that role."Solov acknowledges coverage of Trump is likely to be positive, but only as longas he remains true to the values that got him elected, primarily cracking downon illegal immigration, striking fair-trade deals and repealing Obamacare, whichare the three issues that resonate most with Breitbart's readers, according toMarlow.Bannon is on a leave of absence from Breitbart while working for Trump, butSolov acknowledges that access to the White House makes Breitbart "uniquelypositioned for best-of-class coverage. We're used to being the opposition press.The Obama administration never blew us any kisses, that's for sure, and for goodreason."Three days after Trump beat Hillary Clinton, Breitbart senior editor at largeJoel Pollak placed flowers on Andrew Breitbart's grave at Hillside MemorialPark, a Jewish cemetery in Culver City. "Not to celebrate Trump's victory, butbecause Andrew succeeded in leveling the playing field," Pollak says. "That'sall he ever wanted. Just a fair and open debate where people aren't judged onevil motives impugned to them."Pollak is an orthodox Jew who wears a yarmulke to work everyday, and says he andthe others who share his faith (including five staffers in Jerusalem) areactually "energized" by what he says are theaccusations that Breitbart isanti-Semitic.That charge, covered in depth for several days, stems mostly from a singleheadline on an opinion piece by David Horowitz that reads, "Bill Kristol:Republican Spoiler, Renegade Jew." The progressive watchdog group Media Mattersfor America has been pushing the headline to sympathetic reporters nationwide.Read more: Protesters Call on Donald Trump to Dump Steve Bannon"Why does he have to say Bill Kristol is a Jew? What does that have to do withanything," said Joy Behar during a discussion of Bannon and Breitbart on theNov. 15 episode of ABC's The View. "This is what fascism looks like and itscares the hell out of me.""They're unprincipled pricks," Horowitz tells The Hollywood Reporter, "and inthe case of Joy Behar, blithering idiots. Behar attacks Bannon and me withouthaving read the article or understanding why I called Kristol a 'renegade Jew.'&hellip; Calling defenders of Israel like Bannon and myself Nazis is beyondidiotic."Like many at Breitbart, Pollak has several anecdotes about what it's likeworking for a media outlet under siege, like when he covered an anti-Bannonprotestat City Hall in Los Angeles on Nov. 16 and required a police escort aftersome of the demonstrators recognized him from TV appearances.Before one recent appearance, his Uber driver, completely unaware of who Pollakwas, launched into a tirade about evil Breitbart and Bannon. "Here I am headedto NBC studios to answer the very charges she's making and I can't tell her whoI am because she's already driving erratically. Complete strangers suddenlythink I'm the worst person in the world," he says.Marlow, meanwhile, has been dealing with fallout from a BuzzFeed storyabout hishigh school alma mater, Harvard-Westlake School, where former students have beendebating whether the school should distance itself from its 2004 graduate. WhenMarlow's wife defended her husband and Bannon, BuzzFeed posted a photo of her."You have to have thick skin to do what I do, but things got really creepy whenBuzzFeed cherry-picked stuff to imply I may or may not be a Nazi," he says. "Tobring my wife into it shows how disgusting the dialog around Breitbart hasbecome. It's a new low. Privately, some people have been supportive, butpublicly they don't want to be in the crosshairs of the mainstream media."During Pollak's post-election visit to Andrew Breitbart's grave, he says he wasthinking of the title of his memoir published just prior to his death, RighteousIndignation: Excuse Me While I Save the World."I think Andrew saved the world," says Pollak. "It may not look like it nowbecause everyone's running around like crazy people accusing people of stuff,but this election will remind Democrats that there should be checks and balanceson the presidency."***TIMELINE: THE RISE OF BREITBART1995: Matt Drudge launches the Drudge Report and later makes Andrew Breitbartthe site's first employee.2004: Breitbart meets Steve Bannon as the latter makes and markets a RonaldReagan documentary he's producing.2005: Breitbart launches news aggregator Breitbart.com.2007: With best friend and attorney Larry Solov, Andrew Breitbart foundsBreitbart News Network.May 28, 2011: Breitbart News reports that Rep. Anthony Weiner sexted with a21-year-old woman. Weiner resigns June 21.July 2011: Bannon premieres his Sarah Palin documentary, The Undefeated, inPella, Iowa, and taps Andrew Breitbart to introduce the former vp candidate tothe crowd.March 1, 2012: Andrew Breitbart dies of heart failure at age 43. Bannon is namedexecutive chairman of Breitbart News, and Solov is named CEO.June 16, 2015: Donald Trump formally announces his bid for the presidency.Coverage of his campaign over the ensuing months is noticeably positive atBreitbart News.March 10, 2016: Breitbart News reporter Michelle Fields accuses Trump campaignmanager Corey Lewandowski of manhandling her. Breitbart News appears to sidewith Lewandowski, and Fields resigns three days later.April: Breitbart News is linked to the "alt-right" for the first time via anarticle from the Southern Poverty Law Center.Aug. 17: Trump names Bannon CEO of his presidential campaign.Nov. 13: President-elect Trump names Bannon his chief strategist and seniorcounselor.A version of this story first appeared in the Dec. 2 issue of The HollywoodReporter magazine. To receive the magazine, click here to subscribe.