With DACA's future up in the air, so too are thousands of educationsHundreds of college and university leaders have mobilized in recent days todefend students who immigrated to the United States as children, without legalpermission, and now face a swirl of questions about their future underPresident-elect Donald Trump.The Obama administration has aided these undocumented students since 2012,through a program called Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals. DACA, as it isknown, shields immigrants temporarily from deportation if they came to UnitedStates before their 16th birthday and meet other requirements. Beneficiaries areable to obtain a work permit. Opponents denounce DACA as executive overreach.The Trump campaign pledged to "immediately terminate" Obama's "illegal executiveamnesties." Trump transition spokesman Jason Miller reiterated that position inan email."The President-elect has consistently pledged to rescind all illegal andunconstitutional executive orders from the current administration, and this isone of them," Miller wrote Tuesday when asked about DACA.What would happen next is a crucial question for students such as Danna ChavezCalvi, of Northern Virginia, and thousands like her nationwide who felt throwninto sudden limbo after the Republican's victory in the Nov. 8 presidentialelection."The uncertainty has skyrocketed to an unimaginable level," Chavez Calvi said.Now 24, the senior at George Mason University came to the United States fromBolivia with her parents when she was 8 years old. They overstayed their touristvisas. "My family became undocumented," she said.Chavez Calvi followed a path familiar to a huge group of immigrant students manycall "Dreamers." She graduated in 2011 from Falls Church High School in FairfaxCounty, Va., went to Northern Virginia Community College, then transferred toGMU. She plans to graduate in December with a bachelor's degree in communicationand a minor in Spanish.Along the way, she applied for and received DACA status.That status enabled her to obtain a driver's license and qualify for GMU'sin-state tuition, which is about $20,000 a year lower than the out-of-staterate. She became a leader in Mason Dreamers, a group that supports undocumentedimmigrant students. She plans to join Teach for America for two years and thenpursue a graduate degree in policy."Everything turned out great, until this point," she said.Trump, who during his campaign promised to crack down against illegalimmigration, said shortly after the election that he plans to focus first onrapidly deporting 2 million to 3 million undocumented immigrants who havecriminal records. Under federal guidelines, immigrants who have been convictedof a felony or significant misdemeanor are ineligible for DACA.GMU, Virginia's largest public university, enrolls about 34,000 students.Officials estimate at least 300 have DACA status."The exact number is unclear because at least some DACA students are reluctantto make their status known," GMU President Angel Cabrera said. "The Mason DACAcommunity includes some of our most accomplished students. They have excelledboth inside and outside of the classroom."Cabrera issued a plea to the president-elect."We hope that the new administration recognizes the value of these students toour community and to the nation," he wrote. "They are filled with talent andpromise and, if given the chance, will surely contribute significantly to thegood of the United States, which is the only home that most of them have everknown."Cabrera also joined more than 200 college and university leaders in signing astatement this week that urges preserving and expanding DACA. The statement didnot name Trump but appeared to be addressed to him."To our country's leaders we say that DACA should be upheld, continued, andexpanded," the statement said. "We are prepared to meet with you to present ourcase."Organized by Pomona College in California, the statement was signed by leadersof most Ivy League schools and an array of other public and privateinstitutions.Among the signers in Virginia, Maryland and the District of Columbia werepresidents John J. DeGioia of Georgetown University, Steven Knapp of GeorgeWashington University, Patricia McGuire of Trinity Washington University, TeresaA. Sullivan of the University of Virginia, Ronald J. Daniels of Johns HopkinsUniversity and Wallace Loh of the University of Maryland at College Park.At U-Md., with about 38,000 students, officials say 113 report having DACAstatus."I have a strong and unequivocal personal commitment to protect all of ourstudents, including those who attend our university under the Dream Act andDACA," Loh said. "The job of any president is to provide an education for everystudent and I will be working with my colleagues, both in Maryland and acrossthe country, on how we can best protect the legal standing of these outstandingstudents, and let them continue with their transformative education."Opponents of DACA say rescinding a program that Congress did not authorize wouldsend an important signal of support for lawful immigration and the integrity ofthe nation's borders."The fundamental issue is fairness at every level," said Dan Stein, president ofthe Federation for American Immigration Reform. "If universities want to form acoalition and lobby Congress to pass legislation to give immigration benefits toDACA recipients, they're within their rights to do that."More than 700,000 undocumented immigrants have obtained DACA protection since2012, federal officials say. But there is no national count of DACA studentscurrently enrolled in college. Many DACA students are drawn to publicuniversities in states that allow them to qualify for in-state tuitiondiscounts. Some attend private colleges, like Pomona, that encourage them toapply and pledge to meet their financial need.In the nation's largest state, the University of California system counts morethan 3,700 undocumented students. Many have DACA protection. The UC president,Janet Napolitano, signed the memorandum that established DACA when she served asObama's secretary of homeland security.In the days since the election, demonstrators on many campuses have urgedcolleges to establish themselves as "sanctuaries" for those vulnerable todeportation.On Monday, Columbia University's provost, John H. Coatsworth, told the campuscommunity that the Ivy League school in New York "will neither allow immigrationofficials on our campuses without a warrant, nor share information on theimmigration status of undocumented students with those officials unless requiredby subpoena or court order, or authorized by a student."Chavez Calvi said she and others will continue a public push to support DACAstudents. Staying quiet is not option, she said."There is a reason we all opted to stay in this country. We have strong tieshere," she said. "I can't think of any friends I know who want to step back intothe shadows."nick.anderson@washpost.com