WEALTHY INVESTORS are more confident since Donald Trump won the U.S.presidential election, signaling more faith in his ability to address theeconomy, health care and U.S. national security, according to a UBS WealthManagement Americas survey.Forty-eight percent are optimistic about the economy over the next year,compared to 39% before the election, UBS found in a survey of 1,200 wealthyinvestors immediately before and after the election. Fifty-three percent nowexpect positive returns from the Standard & Poor's 500 index in next six months,up from 25% before the election.UBS found that Mr. Trump's positioning as an outsider was critical to hissurprise victory, with 90% of high-net-worth investors indicating Washington wasin need of a shake-up. While that anti-establishment stance earlier created someanxiety among investors about how Mr. Trump's policies would play out in themarkets, many now are expressing enthusiasm about the prospect of fewerregulations."Before the election, we saw many investors adopt a defensive stance, raisingcash and moving away from stocks," said Paula Polito, client strategy officer ofUBS Wealth Management Americas. "With the election behind us, many investors arelooking ahead with a growing sense of optimism about the economy and themarkets."Thirty percent increased their cash holdings before the election, as manyshifted to a more conservative asset allocation and cut back on spending,according to the survey. After Mr. Trump won, the number of investors planningto increase investments in the stock market almost doubled, to 17%.LESS REGULATIONTrump supporters tout less regulation, a greater sense of national security andimproved infrastructure, according to the UBS survey. One-third of investorsexpect their taxes to decrease during his presidency, with many saying theywould increase investments, spending and charitable donations as a result.The core group of investors surveyed by UBS have a least $1 million to invest,with lower minimums for affluent millennials who are in the early stages ofbuilding wealth.More than half of those surveyed plan to talk to their financial advisers aboutpolicy changes that will impact their investment portfolios and financialplanning strategies under a Trump administration. Forty percent plan changes totheir portfolios, with decisions mostly informed by their political leanings,according to the survey.Thirty-three percent of Trump supporters are increasing their investments inU.S. stocks, while many Hillary Clinton backers are shifting to a moreconservative allocation after the election, including 28% who said they'reraising cash.TRUMP'S TEMPERAMENTMr. Trump's temperament is a concern among all investors surveyed by UBS, with58% saying that starting another war may be one of his biggest potentialmistakes while in office. Eighty-seven percent of Clinton supporters are "highlyworried" about what he will do as president, with more than half seeing thepotential for a recession.Mr. Trump was viewed as the stronger candidate on all but one of wealthyinvestors' top five issues: the economy, health care, national security, foreignpolicy and taxes. Ms. Clinton, the former secretary of state, was seen asstronger on foreign policy, as well as on the matters least important for thewealthy investors surveyed, including income equality, social issues andeducation.