THE NATION ought to be relieved that President-elect Donald Trump has decidednot to press his campaign pledge to criminally investigate rival Hillary Clintonfor her handling of email while secretary of state and for the activities of theClinton Foundation. A drawn-out probe, fueled by Mr. Trump from the White House,would invariably become a political circus, take on the overtones of vendettaand deepen the wounds of the election. It would represent a continuation of thereckless "lock her up" chants by Mr. Trump's campaign crowds, a mantra thatsuggested a Trump administration would run roughshod over the  rule of law.It would also fly in the face of the conclusion already drawn by FBI DirectorJames B. Comey after a thorough investigation of Ms. Clinton's use of a privateemail server while secretary of state. Mr. Comey said that no reasonableprosecutor would bring a case against Ms. Clinton based on the availableevidence.With the presidential campaign ended, Mr. Trump seems to have concluded that thelegal pursuit of Ms. Clinton or former president Bill Clinton would be a legaland political loser. "It would be very, very divisive for the country," he toldthe New York Times on Tuesday. "My inclination," he said, "would be, forwhatever power I have on the matter, is to say let's go forward. This has beenlooked at for so long, ad  nauseam."But even in his welcome rethinking, it was not clear that Mr. Trump understandsthe principle of justice insulated from political control. His statementcontained only a glimmer of recognition that, as president, it should not be forhim to decide whether criminal prosecutions are undertaken. The law enforcementsystem and the U.S. attorneys who investigate and prosecute federal crimes aresupposed to be independent, free from interference by the White House or anyoneelse. The president's role is to appoint an attorney general and set broadpolitical priorities.In the case of Ms. Clinton's emails, Mr. Comey has already made a determination;Mr. Trump's statement suggested he will not, improperly, seek to reverse it oncein office. Separately, there may be ongoing investigations into the ClintonFoundation. If so, they should be left to the professionals at the FBI andcareer prosecutors at the Justice Department.In his career as a brassy and pugilistic tycoon, Mr. Trump often gave theimpression he saw the law as just another tool for advancing his personalinterests or retaliating against his foes. Once he sits in the Oval Office, hemust behave - and think - differently. His apparent decision not to pursue Ms.Clinton is a step in the right direction. But given his past behavior andcampaign statements, it remains incumbent on Mr. Trump to show that he fullyaccepts the U.S. constitutional mandate of impartial justice and a politicalsystem ruled by law.