The answer is likely to be in the details of his policies, analysts sayIt has been more than two weeks since Donald Trump won the presidentialelection, and Wall Street is still celebrating. U.S. stock markets locked intheir third straight week of gains Friday, with major indexes reaching recordhighs this week.The surging markets appear to be in reaction to the potential benefits of aTrump presidency, such as lower corporate and income tax rates, higherinfrastructure spending and looser regulations. If such measures are enacted,they could provide a jolt to an already-growing economy, investment analystssay.The Dow Jones industrial average, the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index and thetech-heavy Nasdaq composite index all closed on record highs Friday, along withthe Russell 2000 index, which tracks small-cap stocks.The Dow, which rose 0.36 percent Friday to 19,152, has so far held its groundafter closing above 19,000 for the first time Tuesday. The S&P 500 closed up0.39 percent; the Nasdaq rose 0.34 percent.The S&P 500 and the Dow have gained a stunning 3 percent and 4.5 percent,respectively, since Election Day.On the campaign trail, Trump touted plans to overhaul the tax code and reducetaxes for businesses and individuals. If enacted, substantial tax reform couldhave the effect of freeing up cash for businesses and consumers.Trump has also pushed for new infrastructure, calling for increased governmentspending on projects such as building and repairing roads and bridges. A boom ininfrastructure could create more jobs and boost companies that sell constructionequipment, said Jim Holtzman, financial adviser with Legend Financial Advisors.But Trump will still have to convince a spending-averse Republican Congress.Railing against government red tape, the president-elect has pledged to loosenregulations for banks, oil companies and Internet providers to save costs andadd jobs. But financial advisers say that deregulation could have mixed effectsacross different industries, although investors may see the hands-off approachas a positive for the markets.The rally has appeared to calm the fears of some individual investors who wereinitially anxious about how Trump's policies might affect their nest eggs,financial planners say. Steven Podnos, a financial planner in Coco Beach, Fla.,said one 80-year-old retiree he works with insisted on moving his entireportfolio to cash two weeks before the election out of worry that the marketswould collapse if Trump won."What I told him, and I told all the other clients, is that I had no idea whatthe markets would do in response to the election," Podnos said. "And I told themit shouldn't matter to them," since many of the dramatic market reactions seenafter major events are short-lived. Two days after the election, the retireecalled back, asking to have his savings reinvested in the market.Financial advisers say they are also fielding calls from investors askingwhether they should make adjustments to their accounts to be better positionedfor the volatility that may come next. While stocks are rallying, bonds havesold off, pushing interest rates higher for mortgages and other loans. Investorsmay be selling bonds out of fear that Trump's policies could lead to highergovernment spending - and higher inflation, investment analysts say. The FederalReserve is widely expected to raise short-term bond rates next month, a movethat could also push up rates on longer-term bonds.Jude Boudreaux, a financial planner in New Orleans, says that he hears fromclients who don't trust the market gains and want to know whether they should bemore conservative with their savings. Others call to ask whether they should bebuying more stock. "Every conversation we've had since the election has beenabout the election, or it's at least come up," he said.But Boudreaux and other financial planners say it will be difficult to identifywhich sectors and companies may turn out to be winners and losers under Trumpwithout more information about his policies. Trump's proposals lack detail, andhe has already reversed course on certain policy stands since he won theelection."Now that Trump is in, he's backing off some of the things he was talking aboutbefore the election," Holtzman says. "So, good luck planning [based on] that."For the time being, many advisers are largely telling investors to stick withthe plan. It's not clear how long the rally will last and whether the higherinterest rates since the election will stick.Those who are concerned that the market surge will lose steam can use the recenthighs to rebalance their portfolios, Boudreaux says. Take someone who normallyinvests 60 percent of hi portfolio in stocks but now has about 65 percent of hissavings in stocks after the gains: That investor can sell some stocks to bringthe allocation back down to 60 percent, he says. The proceeds can be used to buybonds or other investments that may have gone down in value."We're not speculating," Boudreaux says. "It's just if you're uncomfortable andyou've had some extra gains, let's get you back to your target allocation."jonnelle.marte@washpost.com