On Wednesday, she woke up inconsolable. On Thursday, angry. But on the Fridayafter the presidential election, as she prepared posters to join thousands inprotesting Donald Trump's victory, Mia Hernández came to a quiet realization:If she found her country's direction intolerable, she would have to try tochange it.She would change it not just by signing petitions or protesting or calling herlegislators. For the first time, she sketched out a plan to run for electedoffice.In 2020, Hernández intends to make a bid for a seat on the San Jose CityCouncil or the Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors. Her focus will bereproductive rights and community empowerment, she said."Everybody says organize, don't mourn, make a change," said Hernández, 22, astudent at the University of California at Santa Cruz. "So I said to myself,'How am I going to be an active member in this? You know what, I need to run foroffice. I need to be a part of that decision-making. I need to make sure Trump'svoice is not the only voice out there.'"Among young, liberal women who expected to see the country elect its firstfemale president Nov. 8, Hernández is not alone; many are responding to HillaryClinton's defeat with a new sense of obligation to seek political power. Afteryears of never imagining a career in the public eye or only vaguely entertainingthe idea of working in politics, these women are determined to run for electedoffice.They don't speak for all women, many of whom voted for Trump - 42percent ofthem, according to exit polls conducted by Edison Research. Notably, a majorityof white women favored the Republican. But Clinton still benefited from anoverall gender gap, and young women supported her by a margin of 32 percentagepoints.For many of those rooting for Clinton to break the glass ceiling her campaignrepeatedly invoked, her loss, painful as it was, could be an even greatermobilizing force than a victory might have been."It's incredibly ironic," said Alexandra Melnick, a 22-year-old from Florida whorecently decided to run for a spot on a local school board after she obtains hermaster's degree in education. "But to think this could inspire women like me torun for office - it's the only belief one can have without losing hope."For Hernández, the ascent of a man she sees as menacing to her full inclusionin American society as a Latina - and menacing to the safety of her undocumentedfriends - has changed everything.Her focus had not been on electoral politics. She considered herself anactivist, concentrating on rent and eviction issues in her home town of SanJose. She used to spurn city council members and state legislators, politiciansagainst whom she had "spent so much time fighting." But the election convincedher that these offices wield unparalleled influence, and it made clear to herthe scope of the power she could exert and the scale of her responsibility.Michele L. Swers, a professor of government at Georgetown University whospecializes in gender and policymaking, said this response has historicalprecedent.In the early 1990s, televised hearings brought the Senate debate over thenomination of Clarence Thomas to the Supreme Court into living rooms across thecountry. The all-male Judiciary Committee's treatment of Anita Hill, who accusedThomas of sexual harassment, helped motivate women to run for office, Swerssaid. In 1992, four successfully ran for the U.S. Senate, increasing the numberof women in that body threefold. They were Patty Murray of Washington, CarolMoseley Braun of Illinois, and Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer of California,all Democrats. Their electoral success branded 1992 the "Year of the Woman.""You had people who decided they didn't like what they saw," Swers said. "Ingeneral in politics, anger is a very motivating factor."Swers said this year's election may be another pivotal consciousness-raisingevent for women "deciding the only way to change things is to get into the hallsof power."The volume of calls and the amount of cash coming in to Emily's List, apolitical action committee that seeks to elect Democratic women, testify to thiseffect, said the organization's spokeswoman, Marcy Stech."We have heard from women across the country who are raising their hands to bepart of the solution," she said.Motivated but directionlessAlthough women remain underrepresented at all levels of government, Stech said,young women searching for role models can look to the slate of Democratic womenwho found success on Election Day. She pointed in particular to StephanieMurphy, who unseated Rep. John L. Mica, a Florida Republican nearly twice herage, to become the first Vietnamese American woman elected to Congress. Womenlike Murphy, Stech predicted, will play a major part in the evolution of theDemocratic Party as it aims to represent the growing diversity of the electoratewhile making renewed overtures to working-class voters forfeited to Trump."We're going to have to fire on all cylinders," Stech said.More than 1,000 miles from Santa Cruz, where Hernández watched the electionreturns in her dorm room, Emily Sheridan, a student at the University ofColorado at Boulder, sat in a crowded theater and watched Trump notch a victoryin Florida. Then she saw Pennsylvania begin to take on a red tint.It was then she decided she would stay in Boulder after graduation and run for aposition at the county level."I wanted desperately to be able to do something, but I couldn't. ... I felt sopowerless as something so historic for all the wrong reasons was happening,"said Sheridan, 21, who studies evolutionary ecology and biology and serves aspresident of the campus's college Democrats.Many young people are motivated but directionless, Sheridan said. They're angrybut lack an outlet for that anger; they flocked to Bernie Sanders but disengagedfrom the election after he failed to win the Democratic nomination. Sheridansaid the election's outcome could be a wake-up call."I'm hoping the revolution starts the day after. That's what Bernie said,"Sheridan said. "What I'm hoping is that the biggest thing that comes out of thisis a change in the idea that it's not cool to be in politics."It wasn't concern for her social capital that kept Lindsay Fletcher, 30, awayfrom politics. It was the sleepless nights staying up with her two children.After four years in the Air Force, Fletcher now cares full time for her children- a 6-year-old daughter and 2-year-old son - at Sheppard Air Force Base in northTexas, where her husband is stationed.She feels called to politics, which she sees as an extension of herresponsibilities as a parent. After the election, she started a list on herphone of military spouses who have run for office."I want to show my little girl that you stand up for what you believe in," shesaid. "I've never been involved in politics. My focus has been on my home. Butmy kids are getting older, and I'm getting antsy. I'm ready to get out and dosomething."In a year and a half, Fletcher and her family will relocate. Once they'resettled, she plans to explore local races, perhaps starting at the city level.Fletcher said she would like to focus on women's issues - from parental leave tohealth care - as well as the treatment of veterans.Years from now, she sees herself competing for a seat in the U.S. Senate, shesaid, in the model of Elizabeth Warren, the liberal firebrand from Massachusettswhom she admires.For young women with more long-standing political ambitions, the electionresults solidified their plans - while also laying bare the obstacles they mayface.It has been Aurea Bolaños Perea's dream to be a congresswoman virtually sinceshe immigrated to the United States from Mexico about a decade ago. On Wednesdayshe set a deadline: A graduate student at California State University at Chico,she plans to run for a local position in the San Joaquin Valley or San Diegoarea in the next four years, before ultimately moving to the federal level.She sees her life story as a refutation of Trump's rhetoric. For immigrants whofear for their safety under his presidency, she said, "there needs to be someonein power who will understand. That has to be me."But she now knows how difficult her path will be."You see men who do not internalize failure like women do," Bolaños Perea said."If before I thought I would need to prove myself five times over, now I seethat it's more like 10 times."national@washpost.com