Ashley Graham Covers British Vogue [Vogue UK]It looks like Ashley Graham'sdomination of 2016 is continuing over into the new year. The plus-sizesupermodel and body positivity activist, who recently debuted her very own curvyBarbie, nabbed the January 2017 cover of Vogue U.K., her first cover for theVogue family. Graham was photographed by Patrick Demarchelier in an embellishedleather Coach jacket from the spring 2017 Elvis-inspired collection.Samantha Cameron Launches New Label Called Cefinn [Vogue UK]Samantha Cameron,wife of former British prime minister David Cameron, is getting back into thefashion game. Cameron - who was previously a creative director at Smythson,where she is still a consultant - is launching a new contemporary womenswearlabel called Cefinn. The 40-piece spring 2017 collection will be available earlynext year at Net-a-Porter, Selfridges and at Cefinn.com, and ranges in pricefrom approximately $125 to $375.#Cefinn by Samantha Cameron. Get exclusive previews and updates by signing upthrough the link on our profile.A photo posted by Cefinn (@cefinnstudio) on Nov29, 2016 at 8:13am PSTArianna Huffington Is Selling a Bed for Your Phone Complete With Satin Sheets[Fortune]Arianna Huffington, co-founder of the Huffington Post and queen of "TheSleep Revolution,"recently launched Thrive Global, a new wellness company whichtakes snoozing very seriously. Among the products that the company sells is a$100 phone bed, available in poplar and mahogany finishes and complete with aset of satin sheets. The product description reads: "First we tuck our phonesin, and then ourself. By giving our phones their own bed, we can say goodnightto our day and get the sleep we need to wake up fully recharged."Noted Hillary Supporter Katy Perry Wears Sophie Theallet, Designer Who Refusedto Dress Melania Trump [Pret-a-Reporter Inbox] Katy Perry was a big presence inHillary Clinton's campaign. She not only supplied the Democratic presidentialnominee's theme song, "Roar," but also toured on Clinton's behalf and urged herfans to get out and vote. So it comes as no surprise that she stepped out in anensemble by Sophie Theallet, the French designer who publicly declared that shewould not dress future first lady Melania Trumpbecause she disagrees with DonaldTrump's divisive rhetoric and politics. .@katyperryis spotted out in New YorkCity wearing FW16 @sophiethealletpic.twitter.com/LvX3IN3SHv- laChambre PR(@laChambrePR) November 30, 2016