The publication of an oral history of Jon Stewart's time on The Daily Show hasbrought the former host back into the spotlight, and Stewart continued to offerprofound insights into the news media and politics during a New York Times talkearlier this week.Times TV critic James Poniewozik interviewed Stewart and Chris Smith, author ofThe Daily Show (The Book): An Oral History as Told by Jon Stewart, theCorrespondents, Staff and Guests about Stewart's more than 16 years at the helmof the Comedy Central show. But Stewart also talked extensively about the recentelection outcome and how 24-hour news networks covered the presidentialcampaign.He also quickly shot down arguments that his version of The Daily Show wasresponsible for either Hillary Clinton's loss or Donald Trump's win, withdueling online arsticles just days after the election claiming that if Stewartwas still hosting the Comedy Central show, Clinton would have won and that heand the show's legacy helped elect Trump. Stewart looked dumbfounded at bothassertions before offering some sarcastic quips about the show's great politicalinfluence."We were the destroyers of men and creators of empires. I think that generallyis satire's role and has always been: the rise and fall of civilization at ourwhim," Stewart said facetiously, jokingly adding, "I would have probably allowedHillary to come a little closer in the Rust Belt, but I still think I would havegiven Michigan to Trump. I had a little something going on where I was going togive [Al] Gore Florida. There was a bit we had planned that was going to handFlorida to Gore."But in all seriousness, Stewart says he doesn't think satire has that muchinfluence, something he hopes the book illustrates.Read more: 'Daily Show' Oral History: Jon Stewart's Ruthlessness, Steve Carell'sMotorcycle and 8 Other Reveals From the New Book"I think of one of the lessons of this book and what we're talking about is toput satire and culture in its proper place - that controlling a culture is notthe same as power. And that while we were all passing around really remarkablyeviscerating videos of the Tea Party - that we had all made great fun of - [theywere] sitting off a highway at a Friendly's taking over a local school board,"Stewart said. "And the lesson there is, as much as I love what we did and Iliked it, there is a self-satisfaction there that is unwarranted, unearned andnot useful."Beyond that, he doesn't think U.S. media outlets, specifically 24-hour newsnetworks like CNN and Fox News, are responsible for Trump's win, despite hisissues with them."Trump didn't happen because CNN sucks," Stewart said. "CNN just sucks. Hehappened because that's the push and pull of this nation at all times. It's apush and pull between nativism and a more inclusive multi-cultural approach.It's a country that writes in its founding document all men are created equalbut only white men who own property can vote. That's the earliest contradiction,and we've been fighting that battle ever since."He added that the Brexit vote proves his point that if the news media "had donea better job, this country would've made a better choice," praising the BBC'sapproach to coverage.Stewart tackled the phenomenon of fake news, saying he was "enjoying this idea,"but he argued thatinformation isn't just invented by a Macedonian teenager,criticizing hyperbolic headlines. And he objected to the relentless focus onTrump's tweets instead of investigating his vague criticism of NAFTA, forinstance."What's the biggest story today? Donald Trump tweeted that he won the popularvote and flag burners should lose their citizenship. [It's] just some f-ingthing he tweeted, and it's dominating the 24 hours," Stewart said. "But doesanyone here understand what NAFTA is and what it did and what it meant to jobsbecause everyone seems to feel like that was the lever by which the election waswon or lost. But if you watch the 24-hour news networks, you have no idea whatthat means. Or what is it? How many jobs were lost? Were jobs gained? Watch thepost-election analysis. Everyone's talking about NAFTA and working-class whites.That seems to be the most important issue now in the entire election. If youwere to look back on the election coverage, I would love to know how much of itwas geared towards letting people understand, even, forget about NAFTA, what aretrade agreements? What do they even mean? What does it mean when Donald Trumpsays, 'This is a disaster.' Is it a disaster? What is it? Or is automationreally at issue with a lot of these job losses? What's the balance?"Read more: Jon Stewart Talks Donald Trump's Election Victory, Hypocrisy inAmerica on 'CBS This Morning'Stewart also characterized the difference between CNN and Fox News as thedistinction between "weathermen" (CNN, reporting on events as they happen,according to Stewart) and "climate scientists" (Fox News, Stewart argued)."[Fox News understands] that they have an intention and their entire system isfocused on creating a methodology to make that intention resonate and to be ableto articulate it explicitly and to place that out there," he explained. "It's abrilliant plan. CNN is just like, 'He tweeted about the flag!' Zoom. 'We'relosing our citizenship!' Zoom. And they're not paying attention. Fox, though, isstanding behind them. They're an organization that understands how to controlweather and climate. Whereas the other one just thinks, 'Who was that guy whowas Trump's manager? The one that got fired? Hire him.' The only ones who don'tknow that are CNN. CNN are like, 'We don't know what happened here?' It's like,'We threw a ball and you ran after it.' What do you mean you don't know whathappened? &hellip; It's one of the reasons why Fox anchors are so good at whatthey do. They're empowered from the top to express editorial authority. If youwatch those shows, you are watching people express to you what they feel isimportant, where they place emphasis. You are watching people conductinformation percussively with amplification and different rhythms&hellip; That'swhy [Chris] Wallace was such a great debate moderator, because he's been trainedin the art of editorial authority. The greatest thing that [Roger] Ailes did washe devalued editorial authority from any organization but his own."The Daily Show host also argued that news organizations can stop the spread offake news by being more careful about what they report."Rumor becomes fact becomes canon really quickly in this system at a speed thatyou can't imagine," Stewart said. "What happens is someone creates a conspiracytheory on the web and then news organizations cite a website that is in no waycredible for that piece of information and they put it on their news site andlater on, five days later, when somebody is doing a story about that and they doa search, that comes up but what doesn't come up is the annotation of where thatcame from and where the source was so that piece of information has beenlaundered. It's free-floating. And that gets placed into a story about thatsubject without the qualifying radioactive isotope that tells you it's from abullshit source and then it goes on. And from now on, whenever anyone does astory about that, credible places not credible places, that piece of informationis now accepted as fact and passed around and used as an example of somethingreal that has happened. If the news organizations really want to tackle fakenews, they need to look at where they are aggregating their information. Storiesthat were sent from a Macedonian teenager to grandmothers' email accounts didn'tsway this election. News organizations that lost their credibility and authoritybecause they were not careful enough about introducing toxic and poisonedinformation and laundering it into a system devalued the authority of realsupposed news sources to the point where people are frustrated enough to elect aman who stands for what he stands for."Read more: Jon Stewart Goes to His Post-Election Happy Place on 'Full Frontal'Stewart also criticized the media for focusing too much on political campaignsinstead of "governance," forcing people to choose sides in an endless contestthat leads to deep divisions."If a campaign is too long, the fault lines between different tribes in oursocieties solidify," he said. "And those lines harden to the point where youcan't get past that. This country needs time to decompress and have make up sex.Because what you become is just teams. And the campaigns are just too long."He argued that people shouldn't demonize those who supported the person theyoppose, insisting, "Not everybody that voted for Trump is a racist.""I don't give a f- what any of you say to me. You can yell it at me, you cantweet it at me. They're not all racists. Or they're not giving tacit support toa racist system," he said. "We all give tacit support to exploitative systems aslong as they don't affect us that badly." He pointed to the many people who owniPhones as an example of his point."Guess how those are made, guess who makes them? &hellip; It's not different, weall do that. All of our shit stinks and getting beyond that takes incrediblework," he added. "This has to stop. This idea that we're all ... that our teamis perfect and the other team is demons. And this is not like a Kumbaya, let'sall get along. Let's f-ing fight, but let's fight with precision and integrity,and not with just demonization. And I'll say this, I know a lot of firstresponders. I spent a lot of time in that community. A shit load of them votedfor Trump. The same people that voted for Trump ran into burning buildings andsaved whoever the f- they could no matter what color they were, no matter whatreligion and they would do it again tomorrow. So, if you want to sit and tell methat those people are giving tacit approval to an exploitative system - I say,'OK, and would you put your life on the line for people who aren't like you?Because they did.'"Read more: Critic's Notebook: Jon Stewart Hilariously Riffs on Election in'Stand Up for Heroes' ShowAs for advice for those worried about Trump's policies, Stewart urged people torally around those who would be most affected."There will be real ramifications to this election," he said. "Who are thevulnerable people? Where are the vulnerable societies? And not in tweets, inpractice, in reality. If he tries to deport DREAMers, then that's where everyonehas to go, to protect them. If he tries to make a Muslim registry, then everyonehas to go there and help them. You have to find the people that are going to bemost in jeopardy, I think, and put your attentions on them because now it'sabout reality."He went on to argue that despite his jokes leading up to the election that thiswould be the last one, Trump "can't ruin everything.""We're still the same country. Obama didn't change and fix everything, and Trumpcan't ruin everything. If we're that vulnerable to one guy&hellip; That guy?That's how we're going out? This incredible experiment in liberty and democracythat we fought and died for is going to go out with that guy? That can't be howthis story ends."