Many in the financial advice industry reacted with jubilation after DonaldTrump's upset victory in the presidential election. As a pro-businessRepublican, Mr. Trump leaves little doubt to many investment advisers andbrokerage executives who voted for him that he will move to slash regulationsacross a number of industries, including financial services.Clear steps in the process have yet to emerge, but Mr. Trump could very well gutthe Department of Labor's fiduciary rule. The 1,000-page backbreaker of a rulehas added millions of dollars of new costs for large broker-dealers such asAmeriprise Financial Inc. and Raymond James Financial Inc. and pushed smallerfirms to the brink of shutting their doors for good.As it now stands, the DOL fiduciary rule is cumbersome, confusing and expensivefor businesses to put into place. (How on earth are firms to set guidelines for"reasonable compensation," a key element of the rule, anyway?)Yes, the DOL rule has shortcomings, but that doesn't mean that some kind of moveaway from the suitability standard isn't necessary. Quite the opposite. Recentregulatory actions, as well as conversations with advisers, clearly demonstratethat some sort of low-cost, common sense fiduciary standard requiring salespeople to put a client's interest first is sorely needed in the financial adviceindustry.SUITABILITY LACKINGFirst, the suitability standard for brokers is out of date and too wishy-washyfor our data- and technology- driven era. Next, the financial advice industryneeds a simple fiduciary rule for all advisers that would force broker-dealersand registered investment advisers to look more closely at the pricing ofproducts sold to clients.A glance at two recent regulatory actions from the Financial Industry RegulatoryAuthority Inc. shows there is little doubt but that firms have their work cutout for them when giving appropriate discounts to clients. Finra this monthbanged two independent broker-dealers, H.D. Vest Investment Services and MMLInvestors Services, for not waiving front-end fees on mutual fund A sharespurchased by retirement plans and charitable organization customers.The two broker-dealers "disadvantaged" their clients by selling them "Class Ashares with a front-end sales charge or Class B or C shares with back-end salescharges and higher ongoing fees and expenses," according to the two Finraactions, which were worded identically. In other words, the two firms failed togive customers who bought A shares appropriate discounts. The firms also setthemselves up for a double dip by selling B and C shares, which had delayedsales charges plus higher fees, to other clients.FINRA CENSURESBoth firms received censures from Finra over the matters, meaning notices offormal and public disapproval. Neither was fined but they were ordered toprovide remediation to eligible clients who bought the funds from July 2009through this year."After analyzing the data during an internal review, [MML] self-reported thismatter to Finra," said spokesman Michael McNamara. "We are currently in theprocess of reimbursing those clients who were affected, and are pleased to nowput this issue behind us."A spokesman for H.D. Vest, Joseph Kuo, declined to comment.Meanwhile, other discrepancies in pricing that ultimately benefit the adviserinstead of the client recently came to my attention when a retirement planadviser, Emery Levick, called me to discuss a type of flagrant double dip he ranacross recently when taking a look under the hood of the portfolio of aprospective client.Mr. Levick, a manager for small pension plans, said he was speaking with a boardmember of a pension fund that was not his client but was interested in gettingMr. Levick's opinion about the pension plan's portfolio. It turns out theadviser for the pension plan bought A shares when the client was abundantlyqualified for cheaper, low-cost institutional, or I, shares of the same fund,according to Mr. Levick. By not buying mutual fund I shares for one bond fund,the adviser added an extra 24 basis points in costs per year for the pensionplan."When I see a plan holding of $500,000 to $1 million in a fund with A shares,there is absolutely no reason for that," said Mr. Levick, whose firm, U.S. AssetManagement, has $176.6 million in client assets."All versions of institutional funds charge a lower fee back to the fund," hesaid. "Charging the full front-end load results in a massive difference inperformance. And if the manager is charging them a management fee on top of theload or the 12b-1 fee, that's double billing."STOP DOUBLE-DIPPINGIf firms can't figure out how to price properly and stop double-dipping clients,it's clear the financial advice industry needs a fiduciary standard.After the Trump administration blows the current DOL fiduciary rule tosmithereens, officials from the DOL, Finra and the Securities and ExchangeCommission will be tempted to sulk. They shouldn't.Instead, they should book a couple of rooms in Trump International Hotel downthe street from the White House, order a stack of pizzas and emerge only afterthey have written a manageable, common-sense fiduciary standard to protectinvestors. Don't give up on the fiduciary rule, but clarify and simplify it.Twitter: @bdnewsguy