TRANSITIONSources cite potential national security picksTwo new names have emerged as possible candidates for Department of HomelandSecurity secretary under President-elect Donald Trump, people familiar with theselection process said Monday.Marine Gen. John F. Kelly, who retired this year as chief of U.S. SouthernCommand, is under consideration for the critical post, the people said. Kelly, awidely respected military officer who served for more than 40 years, opposed theadministration's failed plans to close Guantanamo and has strongly defended howthe military treats detainees. He also publicly expressed concerns over thePentagon's order in December that for the first time opened all jobs in combatunits to women, including the most elite forces such as the Navy SEALs.Also under consideration is Frances Townsend, a top homeland security andcounter-terrorism official in the George W. Bush administration, they said.Townsend also held senior positions during 13 years at the Justice Department.CABINETPerry status unclear after visit with TrumpRick Perry's tango with the Trump administration is lasting longer than hisappearance on "Dancing with the Stars."The former two-time presidential candidate and Texas governor met withPresident-elect Donald Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence at the TrumpTower on Monday, but he still hasn't been offered a Cabinet position.Perry did not address reporters after arriving at Trump Tower just after 11 a.m.local time or after departing at 12:30 p.m. He is reportedly under considerationfor Secretary of Commerce, Secretary of Agriculture and Secretary of Energy, thelatter a position he once wanted to disband while running for president.ENERGYEPA chief: Shift from fossil fuels to endureThe head of the Environmental Protection Agency on Monday gave an impassioneddefense of the Obama administration's energy and environmental policies andinsisted the nation's shift from fossil fuels will continue no matter whooccupies the White House."The inevitability of our clean energy future is bigger than any one person orone nation," Administrator Gina McCarthy said in a speech at the National PressClub that was twice interrupted by protesters. "We don't have to choose betweeneconomy or environment. We can and we must choose both."McCarthy mostly deflected specific questions about worries over President-electDonald Trump, who has been a blistering critic of the EPA. Trump has vowed toscrap what he sees as onerous regulations the agency has put in place in recentyears. He also has vowed to end the "war on coal," expand oil and gas leasingacross federal lands and waters, and "cancel" U.S. participation in aninternational climate agreement aimed at reducing carbon emissions.- IJ news services