Recent attempts to de-legitimize Trump's electoral victory are like a life-deathstruggle in the cockpit, writes Jay Gaskill.As one who voted against both Donald and Hillary, I was among those of us whowere ready for a change of direction. Yes, Donald Trump was clear about"changing direction," but he acted like an overconfident TV personality playinga captain at the helm of a jet airliner, believing that somehow he will figureout how to safely land the thing before running out of fuel - How hard couldthis be?The recent attempts to delegitimize Trump's victory resemble a life-deathstruggle in the cockpit while the aircraft falters. Instead we should canvassall passengers for people with navigation and flight skills to come to the aidof the pilot. Election recounts will not change the outcome. And in the end, wewill still have the same inexperienced pilot in the cockpit.However we might feel about this election, the outcome is an endorsement by mostvoters of a reversal of policy direction in immigration, regulation, taxationand the rapid development of U.S. energy reserves. Can we add the Libertarianpopular vote, plus the Utah and Idaho votes for the independent conservative,Evan McMullin, another 5 million votes to Trump's? Collectively, these voteswere against the policy direction of the Clinton campaign.But was there massive vote counting fraud? Probably not. Was there significantvoter registration fraud? We do not know. It's a concern, especially inCalifornia where Hispanics are almost half the population, and the number ofnon-citizens living there, documented or otherwise, is in the millions.The status of non-citizens in California changed in 2015. Non-citizens livingthere now routinely and legitimately obtain driver's licenses. Manyconservatives are concerned because a California driver's license is sufficientidentification to get registered as a voter - although a date of birth, a streetaddress and the last four digits of a valid social security number are requiredto register on-line under the state's motor-voter law.And social security numbers can be issued to non-citizens. California'spopulation includes 25 million licensed drivers, a substantial number of whomare not legally entitled to vote because they are not U.S. citizens.As a practical matter, California's enforcement regime prohibiting undocumentedaliens from voting in a national election borders on an honor system. But evenif extra California non-citizen votes were counted in that winner-take-allstate, there is no change in the Electoral College outcome.Of course, voter fraud should be taken seriously. John F. Kennedy's razor-thinvictory over Richard Nixon in 1960 could have been the result of voter fraud.Should Nixon have won? We will never know.Bottom line: unlike the epic Kennedy-Nixon election, the 2016 Trump-Clintoncontest was not close enough in any state or combination of states for localfraud to change the outcome.In my opinion, there are two important takeaways. First, claims that thiselection represented a popular mandate for former Secretary Clinton and herpolitics are refuted by the numbers when you take into account third partyvotes. Second, whether Donald Trump is the pilot who can successfully guide theplane in a different direction without a crash landing depends on the quality ofhelp he gets from the passengers.Keep your seat belts fastened.