The presidential election had a surprising outcome and we may not understand it,but Jerry - at 80 - still has a lot of optimism, write Carrie and Jerry Scheid.Carrie: How does it feel to turn 80 years old this weekend?Jerry: Well, I'm feeling pretty good. After all, 80 is "the new 79!"Carrie: What? No aches and pains?Jerry: Nobody wants to hear about them. Somebody once said "the ailments of theelderly are frequently serious but seldom interesting."Carrie: So what's interesting to you?Jerry: How about the recent presidential election? I've seen a lot of Presidentscome and go. FDR was in the White House when I was born. When I was twelve, Ishook the hand of President Harry Truman.Carrie: How did that happen?Jerry: Truman was on a whistle stop tour for his campaign against NY GovernorTom Dewey. His train stopped at small towns across America where he'd come outon the platform and give a brief talk. My parents took me to Monida, Montanawhere his train made a stop.Carrie: Seriously? His train stopped in Monida? Were there even twenty peoplethere?Jerry: Actually, the train had to stop to add another locomotive to make theclimb into Butte. President Truman came out on the platform and greeted us. Withsuch a small crowd, I was able to reach up and shake his hand.Carrie: That 1948 election was a huge surprise because most folks didn't thinkTruman could possibly beat Dewey.Jerry: Kind of sounds like the recent Presidential election. Nobody thoughtTrump could beat Clinton.Carrie: She won the popular vote by over 2.2 million votes. But Trump won theElectoral College. Some claim our national turnout was less than 2012. Butaccording to Cook Political Report's David Wasserman, this year's presidentialturnout, so far, is 134.9 million compared to 129 million in 2012 and 131.3million in 2008.Jerry: How was Idaho's turnout?Carrie: The Secretary of State says 710,877 Idahoans voted. That's the mostever. Percentage wise, that's 76 percent of registered voters, the fifth highestsuch percent since 1980. Bonneville County was a little higher at almost 78percent of registered voters. Statewide, Trump won 59 percent of the votecompared to Clinton's 27.5 percent.Jerry: Here's what I don't get. Trump's campaign promised to deport illegalimmigrants and cancel international trade deals. Yet Idaho's economy reliesheavily on illegals for agricultural labor. Moreover Idaho exports generate over$4.3 billion for our state economy.Carrie: Does this mean our farmer friends will be moving their own pipe thisspring? Or will the Magic Valley dairy owners start milking their own cows?Jerry: Why would folks vote against their own economic interests? I can't makesense of that.Carrie: Conventional wisdom says Trump's supporters took him "seriously but notliterally." Besides, I thought you'd like the notion of a bunch of old whiteguys running the country again.Jerry: It has some appeal.Carrie: How do you feel about our incoming President? Are you pessimistic aboutour country's future?Jerry: Not really. Indeed, Churchill once said, "The pessimist sees difficultyin every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty."Carrie: Then you're optimistic! Do you have any wisdom to share with our readerson your 80th birthday?Jerry: Allow me to offer the advice my late Aunt Dorothy shared on her 90thbirthday. When I asked for her words of wisdom, she said, "Jerry! Nobody likes acry baby!"