With the appointments of Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebusas White House chief of staff and Trump campaign CEO Stephen Bannon as chiefstrategist and senior counselor, the president-elect is keeping voters guessingabout which Donald Trump will be running the White House - the deal-making realestate entrepreneur or the flame-throwing Twitter virtuoso.Priebus is the Wisconsin-vanilla establishment Republican who published the 2013autopsy of Mitt Romney's presidential campaign calling for GOP outreach to allthe people Trump insulted and abused throughout 2016. Bannon joined Trumpstraight from running Breitbart.com - the slavishly pro-Trump website favored bythe white nationalists, xenophobes and anti-Semites known as the alt-right.Thus, within days of his surprise victory, Trump managed to both guaranteestrife within his White House and aggravate the bitter national cultural dividehe has tried to calm since he built an election victory by widening it.Bannon, a former Goldman Sachs banker and Sarah Palin confidant, is a politicsand media daredevil who reshaped Breitbart.com from the home of politicallyincorrect bomb throwers across the conservative movement into something rigidand dark. When a Breitbart reporter was allegedly assaulted by a Trump campaignstaffer, Bannon loyally threw the reporter overboard rather than be critical ofTrump.That loyalty paid off with hundreds of millions of page views. So did itsprovocations. Breitbart referred to conservative strategist and publisher BillKristol as a "renegade Jew." It has asked whether you'd prefer your daughter tobe a feminist or have cancer, and it has said birth control makes womenunattractive and crazy. In August, when Trump hired Bannon, former Ku Klux Klanleader David Duke agreed with a white nationalist radio host that their movementhad largely "taken over" the GOP. Now the alt-right friendly site is positionedto be the house organ of the Trump administration.At the other end of the spectrum, Priebus is a behind-the-scenes partyfunctionary who built Wisconsin's Republican Party into a battle-tested machine.He is also House Speaker Paul Ryan's pal, a critical connection for the successof President Trump's agenda. That's a bridge Bannon would be happy to burn, allbut shouting "off with his head" when it comes to Ryan keeping his job.But that didn't seem to faze the speaker when CNN's Jake Tapper asked him aboutBannon. "I have no concerns. ... I trust Donald's judgment," Ryan said. Ryan andTrump should think again.The Bannon appointment is salt in the wound for the African Americans, Latinos,Muslims, Jews and other Americans who were Trump's campaign punching bags andstill feel wounded and bewildered as Trump transitions from campaigning togoverning. As President Obama said Monday, there are big differences betweenbuilding a government and seeking votes.The dueling approaches of Priebus and Bannon might have worked on the campaigntrail by telling different stories to different voters, but are likely to becomea problem when the Trump White House makes tough calls and needs to speak withone voice. Should Trump's bipolar approach to appointments continue in otherpersonnel decisions, Trump could undermine his own presidency.Regardless of whether the staffing moves turn into a management nightmare,Bannon's presidential appointment recasts Trump's post-election efforts atuniting Americans as window dressing. If Trump is serious about being apresident for all Americans, he should reconsider whether an avatar of thealt-right belongs in the West Wing.- USA TODAY editorial