The Lebanon school board Monday night pulled the trigger on issuing a nearly $10million tax-exempt bond to help pay for a new Northwest Elementary School,rather than gamble that interest rates may drop in the coming months.The board unanimously agreed to accept a bond offer from PNC Capital Marketsthat was received earlier in the day during an Internet auction that attractedbids from four financial institutions.The district's financial consultant, Brad Remig, of PFM Group, said he workedhard marketing the bond and was pleased that four firms were interested. Thedistrict benefited from having an A bond rating from Standard & Poors, he added.With an average interest rate of 3.54 percent over 20 years, PNC's offer was thebest offer."PNC, we were working them this morning pretty hard, and they were the ones thatcame in with the best bid," Remig said.Timing the financing of the $9.9 million bond was complicated by the outcome ofthe presidential election, which has caused turmoil in the financial markets,Remig told the board. In the two weeks since Republican Donald Trump waselected, interest rates have risen by about half a percentage point, he said."As you probably are very aware, since the election on Nov. 8, the markets havereally been kind of chaotic in terms of what's been going on," he said. "Themarket really doesn't know what to make of the new administration coming in."Typically interest rates drop in January, Remig said, but other uncertainties onthe horizon, including the Federal Reserve potentially increasing interest rateswhen it meets next month, convinced him to recommend that the board accept PCN'soffer. And even though the interest rates have risen, he added, the cost of theborrowing was less than was projected a year ago, when planning for the bondbegan"So we thought it would be prudent to take the bid today and lock in the ratetoday because we don't want to see this thing get away from us as we get intothe new year," Remig said.The money should be the only borrowing the district needs for construction ofthe new $25 million elementary school to replace the aging Northwest ElementarySchool at Ninth and Maple streets. The rest will be paid for with reserve fundsthe district has been saving for in recent years to avoid millions of dollars inborrowing costs.Work on the new school in the Aspens Business Park, about a half a mile west ofthe current school, has already begun, and a move in date of August 2018 isanticipated.In other financial business, the school district received a clean audit reportfor the 2015-16 school year from Barbacane, Thornton & Co."I am pleased to say that we issued an unmodified report on your financialstatements, also known as a clean report, a clean opinion," said CPA JeffKowalczyk. "And that means we found your financial statement to be materiallyaccurate. As auditors, that is the highest level of assurance that we are ableto give about financial statements."The school board will meet for the final time in 2016 at its annualre-organizational meeting on Dec. 5 at 7 p.m. in the board room at Lebanon HighSchool, 1000 S. Eighth St.