Two miracles: Cubs and TrumpGod is not dead and miracles do happen. Cubs overcame the impossible to win andDonald TR(I)UMPH(ED) against all odds.Believe you me, countless prayerful knees were bent begging God to dispel thecurse of over a hundred years. And so it rained, and washed away the curse, andthe Cubs won.The Pope told voters in the U.S. to vote with their conscience, and so thevoters did, and they prevailed.For myself, I believe that anyone who works hard for a living is entitled toreceive due rewards. Trump worked for every penny he got and said he won't takehis salary as president. He does not need it. The White House is a downgradefrom his imperial residence. He loves his country and was driven to make itgreat again. He also abhors abortion. Anyone who believes that it is a woman'sright, please witness an abortion being performed.Trump is no saint, but somehow he saw a vision. A vision to right wrong, to makeAmerica great again and respected by civilized nations.Miracles do happen and God is providing. Believe.Unprecedented protests against president-electThe demonstrations since the election of Donald J. Trump as our next presidentare unprecedented.Our Constitution states the winner of the Electoral College in a presidentialelection is our president. President-elect Trump achieved this so he is entitledto the presidency.Certainly after the last two presidential elections, millions were devastated byPresident Barack Obama's victories, but no one took to the streets to protestagainst him or his policies. There was no disruption of traffic, no fights withpolice and no destruction of property.I believe the anti-Trump demonstrators fall into three categories: 1) sorelosers, 2) sincere anarchists who reject our democracy, our Constitution and therule of law, and 3) professional agitators funded by people like billionaireGeorge Soros whose goal is to destabilize our democracy in order to furthertheir globalist objectives. It is feared that this last group will not rest intheir attacks on the Trump Presidency due to his anti-globalist stand.The fury of the former two groups was fueled by the media's and SecretaryHillary Clinton's hysterical misrepresentation of Trump and his supporters.As of this writing the first shooting at a demonstration was reported.Ironically the shooter was not a police officer or a "racist" Trump supporter.The shooter was an angry man who was in traffic being blocked by demonstratorsand who shot one of them.We must value our democracy and our peace and tranquility enough to givePresident-elect Trump a chance to govern.Thank you.Comments in letter didn't help move the country forwardI take issue with Thomas Perkinton's letter, "More candidates needed fordown-ballot races" in the Nov. 15 edition that characterized "poorly educatedwhite men" as dumb.Education and intelligence are not the same. His comment is as racist ascharacterizing poorly educated black and Hispanic men as dumb. Both these groupsvoted heavily for Clinton.Such comments directed at groups are racist and deplorable, and do not move thecountry forward.