Did you want "None of the above" for president?So did at least a couple of people in Sangamon County.That's known because even though write-in votes are only supposed to be countedif the candidates had registered in advance, some Sangamon County electionjudges, in their write-in tally sheets reporting results from their precincts,included non-registered names as well.And a review of those tally sheets shows that of the non-registered candidateswritten in for president, most were known names. There was one off-color fakename written in for U.S. Senate.But among those unregistered presidential write-ins, seven people in threeprecincts named U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., who had battled Hillary Clintonfor the Democratic nomination for president. One person wrote in VicePresident-elect Mike Pence. Former Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice got a voteeven though she never ran for president. And a vote went to U.S. Sen. MarcoRubio, R-Fla., who did want that nomination.Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who wouldn't attend the Republican National Convention inhis home state after being defeated in primaries by President-elect DonaldTrump, got three votes, including one where his last name is spelled "Kusick."Former GOP presidential candidate Ben Carson got one. And Texas U.S. Sen. TedCruz also got a vote, though his named was spelled "Cruse."But, had Cruz been registered as a write-in candidate, that would have countedbecause the voters' intent has to be taken into account, said Sangamon CountyClerk Don Gray.A couple of votes went to 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney;former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani got one; and so did former President"Wm. J. Clinton," even though it was his wife who was the Democratic nominee.In general, Gray said, it gave him "a bit of solace" to know that people wereaiming at "legitimate folks that are part of the governmental and politicalprocess" with their write-ins, and there weren't many "strange antics."And Gray said that some people like to express their opinion with a write-in,even if the candidate isn't registered and the vote won't be officially counted."It's not uncommon for people to write in a name on the write-in line, whetherthey're valid or not," added Stacey Kern, the county's director of elections."We see that every election."Those write-in lines are added to the ballot only in races where a write-incandidate has registered and, Gray said, that saves a lot of work for electionstaffs. He said an open system, where every write-in name -- including fictionalones -- would have to be recorded would involve a lot of time.Among the 19 write-in candidates who did register in the county, only three gotmore than 10 votes. They included presidential candidate Evan McMullin, a formerCIA agent and independent, with 382; president candidate Darrell Castle of theConstitution Party, with 28; and Chad Koppie, a pro-life U.S. Senate candidate,with 11.While Clinton won the presidential contest in Illinois in the election,unofficial results in Sangamon County had Trump with 49,944; Clinton with40,907; Libertarian Gary Johnson with 4,512; and Green Party candidate JillStein with 1,443.-- Contact Bernard Schoenburg: bernard.schoenburg@sj-r.com, 788-1540,twitter.com/bschoenburg.