Thank you to those working during the Thanksgiving holidayMemorial Health System would like to recognize everyone who is working thisThanksgiving to serve our community.From the physicians, nurses and all who care for patients in hospitals, nursinghomes and other health care facilities; to the EMTs, firefighters and policeofficers who are on duty and on call to help in an emergency; to those who keeprestaurants, gas stations and stores open for those who may be traveling orcelebrating out -- thank you for giving up your holiday to take good care ofothers. We appreciate you every day but are especially grateful to you and yourfamilies today.Wishing everyone a happy and healthy Thanksgiving.Ed CurtisPresident and CEO of Memorial Health SystemGiving thanks for the blessings in lifeOn this Thanksgiving Day, I would like to pause and think about innumerableblessings I along with my family have been showered upon. I am thankful for theabundance of blessings which made our life so enjoyable and very interesting.I am thankful to my parents because whatever I have achieved is because of them.I acknowledge that they have sacrificed a lot for me. I very much appreciate foreverything they have done for me and I thank them from the bottom of my heartfor everything they have done for me.On this Thanksgiving Day I must say "thank you" to our veterans. You are great!You are the best! I ask our government to take care of our veterans better thanthey are taking care of other useless people called politicians. Because ourveterans deserve lot better benefits than what our politicians are getting attaxpayers' cost for doing very little for taxpayers.Thanks to the SJ-R and WICS Channel 20 for helping me with my community serviceprojects.Today I must thank those holiday workers who give up their Thanksgivingcelebration for our happiness. Thank you very much.Thanks and our sincere appreciation to all our friends and family members fortheir love.Today I, along with my family, wish you all a very happy, healthy, joyous andsafe Thanksgiving Day. May the best things of life be yours in abundance, notonly at Thanksgiving but throughout the coming year.Harish G. BhattSpringfieldInaction must change to action with election of TrumpSince the election, I've gone through the stages of grief -- not because HillaryClinton lost, but because Donald Trump won. Intolerance, fear, bigotry,incivility won. It feels like 1968; but this time, George Wallace won. I'm notsaying everyone who voted for Trump is a racist; I am saying that, for whateverreason anyone did, the final result was a vote for hate.My chosen candidates have lost presidential elections previously, and I acceptedthose results. This is different. I agree with the protesters: Trump may bepresident-elect, but he isn't "my" president. He represents none of my values.President Barack Obama said Trump's success would be "our" success; that dependson how Trump defines "success."I naively thought Barack Obama's election was a sign racism was dying. But theracist cockroaches came crawling out of the woodwork; complacency let themflourish. Complacency by:n young people, now raising their voices in protest; but many of whom didn'tvote;n blacks, many of whom saw hope in Obama; but if they had voted for HillaryClinton, we wouldn't be in this precarious position;n whites, like me, who couldn't envision a Trump win; couldn't believe we'd goback "there" again.I've seen the signs of learned and implicit biases (even in myself), whetherracial, sexist, religious or gender-oriented -- like "innocent" remarks and"harmless" jokes that were offensive but I let pass, not wanting to causeconflict. My inaction will change to action. We all need to daily do our part(with civility); otherwise, this cancer will spread.Let's make this election racism's "last hurrah."Carol J. VincentSpringfieldRepublican Party platform promised vindictivenessIt's all about the healing. Baloney. The Republican Party platform promised onlyvicious vindictiveness. They want to eviscerate our environmental programs, givemillions of acres of your land away to special interests, privatize SocialSecurity and take Medicare away from people who are not in their party base.There were numerous other terrors in the party platform listed on the website ofthe Republican National Committee.Then there is their man going to the White House who thinks limiting the Firstand Fourth amendments to our Constitution is a good idea. Goodness knows whattheir Supreme Court will do to the 14th Amendment and franchise for people whoare not like them. We all know the code for states' rights. At the same timethey continue running their fatuous, thoroughly debunked trickle-down scam.The failing Republican Party has won a stunning victory in their war againstAmerica. They had fewer votes, yet got all the power, and they really don't carewhat the rest of us think.When they talk about healing, they really mean heeling.Ted HildSpringfield