Donald Trump rarely goes to church, said he's never sought forgiveness for hissins, and in his acceptance speech early Wednesday, never mentioned God.Religion was almost invisible during the presidential campaign, and yet it isthe missing piece in understanding Trump's victory. The Christian right workedlargely under the national media's radar this year, but it helped deliver thepresidency to a thrice-married mogul who bragged about groping women and hasbeen accused by multiple women of actually doing it.They were willing to forgive Trump's personal transgressions because he stokedtheir fears that a Hillary Clinton administration would take away theirreligious liberties, use their tax dollars to fund late-term abortions at homeand abroad, and expand the rights of gay and transgender people, politicalanalysts said. Trump warned at rallies and at conservative Christian gatheringsthat he alone was their last hope to protect them against a changing culture,using the refrain, "This is your last chance."Now that he has won, evangelical leaders said they are confident Trump willdeliver on the political promises he made to them. These include appointing aconservative to the Supreme Court, defunding Planned Parenthood, protectingbusinesses that refuse to provide services for same-sex weddings and rescindingthe mandate in the Affordable Care Act that requires insurance coverage forbirth control.And with Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana, an evangelical with a record of legislatingagainst abortion and same-sex marriage, as vice president, Christian leaders saythey feel reassured they will have access to the White House and a seat at thetable."I am confident he will do as president what he said he would do as acandidate," said Ralph Reed, chairman of the Faith and Freedom Coalition, whohelped mobilize Christian voters for Trump.White evangelicals and Catholics voted for Trump at even higher rates than theyvoted for the last two Republican presidential nominees, John McCain and MittRomney, according to an analysis by the Pew Research Center."The wall of white Christian voters held," said Robert P. Jones, chief executiveof the Public Religion Research Institute and author of "The End of WhiteChristian America."White evangelicals make up 26 percent of the American electorate, and 81 percentof them voted for Trump, despite loud criticism by some in their ranks that hewas racist, misogynistic and unfit for the presidency. Only 16 percent voted forClinton.Catholics, who make up 23 percent of the electorate, supported Trump overClinton by 52 to 45 percent. White Catholics voted for him in far greaterproportions than Hispanic Catholics, who favored Clinton over Trump, 67 to 26percent."There was no way he had a chance without the pop of that Catholic vote," Reedsaid.Trump was not the first choice of most evangelicals or Catholics. But hegradually won their trust, speaking at Liberty University in Virginia, thelargest Christian college in the country, doing nine interviews with PatRobertson's Christian Broadcasting Network and building relationships withPentecostal preachers. In June, he met with nearly 1,000 evangelical andCatholic leaders from around the country in a hotel ballroom in New York. InOctober, he sent a letter to the Catholic Leadership Conference in Denver,promising, "I will fight for you."Clinton, in contrast, failed to connect with white evangelicals and Catholics,said Michael Wear, a political consultant who served as a faith adviser forPresident Obama."Evangelicals feel embattled, they feel isolated, and Trump understood that andappealed to them on completely Machiavellian terms. But Hillary actuallyconfirmed their sense of isolation by not reaching out to them," said Wear, theauthor of "Reclaiming Hope: Lessons Learned in the Obama White House About theFuture of Faith in America." "Hillary's lack of outreach basically toldevangelicals, 'You need Trump as much as Trump says you do.'"As recently as five years ago, Christians were far more judgmental ofpoliticians accused of transgressions in their personal lives. Now, in the eraof Trump, there is more tolerance, especially among evangelicals, according to astudy by Jones' institute. The group often called "values voters" was notdissuaded by headlines about Trump sexually harassing women, lying, refusing topay taxes or stiffing contractors."Trump has really changed their entire political ethic. It's moved from aprincipled basis to more of a utilitarian ethic, where the ends justify themeans," Jones said.There were prominent evangelicals publicly opposed to Trump - a phenomenon thatReed argued only brought more attention to those who supported him. But now thatTrump is headed for the White House, some of those "Never Trump" evangelicalsare coming around.Russell Moore, president of the Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission of theSouthern Baptist Convention, said he would "give the new president the benefitof the doubt." If Nixon could go to China, said Moore, Trump could be a"unifying figure."