HIGHLIGHT: H.L. Mencken, seen here celebrating the end of prohobition, wouldhave likely enjoyed commenting on a Trump presidency.FRANK MILLERThere's a delightful exercise in the imagination of how H. L. Mencken, theiconic iconoclast of the early 20th century, would have viewed the election ofDonald Trump to the presidency.So much of the scorn that Mencken heaped on the politicians of his day appearsstartlingly relevant to the politicians of today. He would have reveled in Mr.Trump and the upheaval he has caused in the American body politic.One of Mencken's quotes widely circulated since the Trump upset is from a columnhe wrote 96 years ago predicting that, "On some great and glorious day the plainfolks of the land will reach their heart's desire at last, and the White Housewill be adorned by a downright moron."The moron observation was the last line of a column that appeared July 26, 1920,in the Baltimore Evening Sun, a newspaper Mencken helped found, excoriating bothcandidates for president in the campaign of that year: Republican Warren G.Harding and the Democrat James M. Cox, both politicians from Ohio, where Hardingserved as a U.S. senator and Cox as governor.Apart from the ascendancy of a moron - though that may be too benign adesignation for the danger that Mr. Trump represents - there were plenty ofother similarities between the political campaign season of 1920 and the onejust concluded, and perhaps some lessons to be learned.Neither man won his party's nomination easily. Harding was nominated on the 10thballot in a deal agreed in secret by the party bosses who picked him over 11other candidates. Cox - competing against 15 other candidates - didn't get theDemocratic nod until the 44th ballot. There also was a third candidate in thepresidential race, Eugene Debs, running for the fifth time as a Socialist from afederal prison cell where he was serving a 10-year sentence for violation of theSedition Act of 1918 in his opposition to U.S. involvement in World War I. Debsgarnered 3.41 percent of the popular vote that year, similar to the 3.3 percentLibertarian Gary Johnson got this time around.The 1920 election occurred against a backdrop of events similar in some ways tothe American condition of the past several years, including racial strife, fearof terrorism and a growing trend toward isolationism following World War I.As in the recent election, neither of the two top candidates was particularlyrespected or revered. In that 1920 column, Mencken asserted: "It seems to bequite impossible for any wholly literate man to pump up any genuine enthusiasmfor either of them. ... No one but an idiot would argue seriously that eithercandidate is a first-rate man, or even a creditable specimen of second-rateman."Harding was a favorite whipping-boy of Mencken, who often referred to him by hismiddle name Gamaliel and the incoherence of his public expressions as"Gamalielese."Mencken's denunciation of Harding's 1921 inaugural speech as "the worst EnglishI have ever encountered" could easily apply to the evidence of an unhinged mindmanifest in Mr. Trump's Twitter twaddle: "It reminds me of a string of wetsponges; it reminds me of tattered washing on the line; it reminds me of stalebean-soup, of college yells, of dogs barking idiotically through endless nights.It is so bad that a sort of grandeur creeps into it. It drags itself out of thedark abysm (I was about to write abscess!) of pish, and crawls insanely up thetopmost pinnacle of posh. It is rumble and bumble. It is flap and doodle. It isbalder and dash."As always, Mencken declared Harding's comments were directed at "a great hordeof stoneheads gathered around a stand ... the sort of audience that the speakerhas been used to all of his life, to wit, an audience of small town yokels, oflow political serfs, or morons scarcely able to understand a word of more thantwo syllables, and wholly unable to pursue a logical idea for more than twocentimeters."Harding won the 1920 election by a landslide with 404 electoral votes, and hewas a very popular president until he and his administration were wracked withscandals, including the Teapot Dome scandal and revelations of his prolificextra-marital affairs with various women (sound familiar?), including one thatproduced a daughter a year before he won the presidency.Harding died in a hotel suite in San Francisco on Aug. 2, 1923 - 29 months intohis presidency. He was only 57 but suffered from various infirmities that hisdoctors had warned him could be fatal if he persisted in his aggressivewomanizing. There was some speculation Harding may have been poisoned. His wife,Florence, who was in the room when he died, refused to allow an autopsy.G. Jefferson Price III is a journalist who spent 35 years at The Baltimore Sunwhere he was a reporter, foreign correspondent, editor and columnist.