HIGHLIGHT: Donald Trump and then-campaign CEO Stephen Bannon tour GettysburgNational Military Park last month. Bannon has been named a senior presidentialadviser to Trump. Stephen Bannon, a top executive at the hard-right BreitbartNews, hosted a radio program that Donald Trump occasionally called and whereBannon would coach the latter on policy.Evan Vucci/AP Kirk Irwin/SiriusXMSoon after terrorist attacks killed 130 people in Paris last year, Donald Trumpfaced sharp criticism for saying the United States could have "no choice" but toclose down some mosques.Two days later, Trump called in to a radio show run by a friendly politicaloperative who offered a suggestion.Was it possible, asked the host, Stephen Bannon, that Trump hadn't really meantthat mosques should be closed?"Were you actually saying, you need a (New York City police) intelligence unitto get a network of informants?" Bannon asked. He continued: "I guess what I'msaying is, you're not prepared to allow an enemy within ... to try to tear downthis country?"Trump - presented with a less controversial but entirely different idea thanwhat he'd actually said - agreed."That's right. That's not going to happen," he told Bannon.Today, Trump is president-elect. And Bannon, a top executive at the hard-rightBreitbart News, who helped guide Trump's victorious campaign and has been nameda senior White House strategist, is set to be one of the new president's mostinfluential advisers.The clearest public sense of how the two plan to work together - and whatpolicies Bannon will probably try to push - came over the course of nineone-on-one interviews on Bannon's radio show from November 2015 to June of thisyear.In those exchanges, a dynamic emerged, with Bannon often coaxing Trump to agreeto his viewpoint, whether on climate change, foreign policy or the need to takeon Republican leaders in Congress.At times, Bannon seemed to coach Trump to soften the harder edges of hismessage, to make it more palatable to a broader audience, while in other caseshe pushed Trump to take tougher positions. He flattered Trump, praising hisnegotiating skills and the size of his campaign crowds.The conversations marked a coming-together of Trump, who at the time was apariah among many top Republicans, and the "alt-right," a loosely defined termdescribing a far-right ideology that includes opposition to immigration and"globalism" and had found a home in the Breitbart News empire. The alt-rightmovement has also been saturated with white-nationalist rhetoric, promptingcriticism of Bannon's appointment this week, though Bannon has denied anyassociation with white supremacists.A spokeswoman for the Trump transition did not respond to a request for commentson behalf of Bannon and the president-elect.Bannon's interviews with Trump were done for Breitbart News Daily, a radioprogram that airs on SiriusXM satellite radio.By the time of that first show, Breitbart had already become a crucial boosterof Trump's presidential campaign."Mr. Trump, thank you very much for joining us on the initial Breitbart NewsDaily Show," Bannon said on Nov. 2, 2015.When Trump came on the air, the first thing Bannon wanted to talk about was howwell Trump was doing in his campaign - and how Bannon had noticed it beforeother people did."I said, 'This guy, people are leaning forward in these audiences when he'stalking,' " Bannon said, recalling earlier conversations about Trump's run. "Andwe were mocked and ridiculed."Trump also wanted to talk about how well he was doing."We had 20,000 in Dallas. ... And 35,000 in Alabama, and 20,000 in Oklahoma,"Trump said, talking about his rallies. "We've had a lot of fun talking aboutvery negative subjects. Because everything is negative with the country, Steve,I mean, there's nothing good happening."During their conversations, there were some moments on-air when Trump and Bannondisagreed. Though not many.Last November, for instance, Trump said he was concerned that foreign studentsattending Ivy League schools have to return home because of U.S. immigrationlaws."We have to be careful of that, Steve. You know, we have to keep our talentedpeople in this country," Trump said. He paused. Bannon said, "Um.""I think you agree with that," Trump said. "Do you agree with that?"Bannon was hesitant."When two-thirds or three-quarters of the CEOs in Silicon Valley are from SouthAsia or from Asia, I think ... " Bannon said, not finishing the sentence. "Acountry is more than an economy. We're a civic society."Trump said he would build a border wall, but still wanted to let highly educatedforeign students who graduate from U.S. colleges to be able to stay in thecountry."I still want people to come in," Trump said. "But I want them to go through theprocess."Bannon said: "You got to remember, we're Breitbart. We're the know-nothingvulgarians. So we've always got to be to the right of you on this.""Oh, that's OK," Trump said.In most of the interviews, Bannon often called his subject "sir" or "Mr. Trump."Trump called his interviewer "Steve."In his questions, Bannon often began with praise for Trump. Asking about foreignaffairs, for instance, Bannon praised Trump's capacity for dealmaking."It's complicated," Bannon said. "That's your calling card.""I love complicated," Trump responded. "I thrive on complicated."The flattery often came before a leading question.Last December, Bannon told Trump that, "I know you're a student of militaryhistory." Then, he laid out a case for questioning the U.S. alliance withTurkey, a member of NATO since the 1950s.Wasn't it true, Bannon asked, that the situation was a bit like the web oftreaties that connected European countries before World War I?"People were locked into these treaties. ... It led to the beginning of thebloodiest century in mankind's history," Bannon said. He said that Turkey hadchanged since it joined NATO, turning to Islamism under President Recep TayyipErdogan. What if Turkey was drawn into a broader conflict in Syria, perhaps withRussia?"This is not something, Steve, that you want to end up in World War III over,"Trump said.In other cases, Bannon would use his questions to frame policy choices - andthen ask Trump if he agreed with the frame and the choice.In the December interview, Bannon presented the problems of climate change andthe Islamic State as a binary option - offering Trump, in effect, the choice offighting one or the other."Do you agree with the pope and President Obama that (climate change) isabsolutely a path to global suicide, if specific deals are not cut in Paris,versus focusing on radical Islam?" Bannon asked, referring to the negotiationsthat eventually led to a global climate agreement in Paris last year.Trump said that what other people considered to be climate change was probablyjust weather. Radical Islam should be the focus."We are fools," Trump said, meaning the Obama administration.In the wake of House Speaker Paul Ryan's early May announcement that he was notready to back Trump, Bannon invited Trump to reflect on whether Ryan, R-Wis.,was showing "a lack of respect - not just for you, but for your policies."On issues ranging from trade to slowing Muslim immigration, Bannon said, "What(Ryan) wants is for you to drop those policies. Are you prepared to do that forunity?" When Trump later began to say it would be "better if we do gettogether," Bannon interrupted, saying that Ryan's version of unity wouldrepresent "a collapse of what you ran on and a collapse on what (voters) backedyou on.""Well, you can't do that," responded Trump.Bannon also seemed to recognize when Trump had made a potential gaffe - evenwhen Trump had not - and to try to steer him back to correct it. The first timeBannon asked Trump about U.S. foreign policy toward Turkey, Trump volunteeredthat he had business interests there."I have a little conflict of interest, because I have a major, major building inIstanbul," Trump said. "It's called Trump Towers. Two towers, instead of one.Not the usual one, it's two. And I've gotten to know Turkey very well."A little later, Bannon circled back, asking Trump to explain why his conflict ofinterest should not bother voters."They say, 'Hey look, this guy's got vested business interests all over theworld. How do I know he's going to stand up to Turkey?' " Bannon said.Trump did not directly address the question.In another conversation, from February, Trump began with an attack on Sen. TedCruz, R-Texas, his GOP primary rival, saying, "I've never seen any human beinglie like he lies."Bannon, who had also praised Cruz in the past, interrupted."Mr. Mr. Mr. Trump ... You've been in New York real estate, and global realestate, and the gaming industry, and with politicians. You can't say,reasonably, that Ted Cruz is the biggest liar you've ever seen," Bannon said."He's the biggest liar," Trump said. "OK, let's get on to another subject. Idon't want to make you uncomfortable."A few minutes later, however, Bannon circled back again. "These personalattacks. It's turning people off," he said. "On this Ted Cruz situation: You'vedealt with the toughest hombres in the world. You can't expect us to believethat Ted Cruz is the biggest liar you've ever met. It doesn't stand to reason."Trump moderated. A little bit."He's right up there, let me tell you," he said.