HIGHLIGHT: Pelosi RyanWASHINGTON - House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi is facing a challenge from afrustrated younger member in her caucus as the party faces another two years inthe minority.Ohio Rep. Tim Ryan said Thursday that he will challenge the California lawmaker,who has led the party since 2002 and was the first female speaker from 2007-11,in leadership elections later this month.Democrats have been reeling since last week when the party won fewer seats thanshe had predicted and lost the presidency."What we are doing right now is not working," Ryan, 43, said in a letter tocolleagues.Ryan is from a Rust Belt state that President Barack Obama won in 2008 and 2012,but that President-elect Donald Trump won easily this year. Along with youngermembers in the caucus, Democrats from several Midwestern states have expressedconcern that the party has become too focused on the two coasts and forgottenthe working-class voters in the middle. Pelosi is from San Francisco.Pelosi is still the favorite to win another term as leader. She said inannouncing her candidacy Wednesday that she has the backing of two-thirds of thecaucus, though Ryan questioned that number.The election is Nov. 30. It had been scheduled for Thursday but was postponeduntil after Thanksgiving.Pelosi, 76, is a survivor who enjoys enormous respect and goodwill among mostDemocrats, even as many of her closest allies have left Congress. She hasmanaged to maintain unity within the diverse flock of House Democrats and is anunparalleled fundraiser for them, collecting more than $100 million in the pastcycle alone.Ryan's bid marks the second time Pelosi has faced a challenge after a dismalDemocratic performance in an election. She easily beat back North Carolina Rep.Heath Shuler 150-43 after the party lost the majority in 2010.Meanwhile, Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine said Thursday that he will seek re-electionin 2018, but he is ruling out a presidential bid in 2020.The former Democratic vice presidential nominee said his place is in the Senateand his decision not to run in 2020 is final.