HIGHLIGHT: Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has had a longpublic life. History books should tell her full story, not just the partinvolving Donald Trump.Andrew Harnik/Associated PressIn the Broadway blockbuster "Hamilton," there is a haunting refrain: "Who lives?Who dies? Who tells your story?" Before the musical, much of AlexanderHamilton's legacy was lost. He was a founding father and Treasury secretary, butwas known better for having been killed in a duel with Aaron Burr than for hisaccomplishments.What will history tell future generations about the woman who would have/couldhave/should have been the first female president of the United States? She wastwice a candidate. In 2008, she ran unsuccessfully in the Democratic primariesagainst Barack Obama, the man who would go on to become our nation's first blackpresident. And now in 2016, nearly a decade later, she finally wins theDemocratic Party's nomination - wins the national popular vote - but she doesnot carry the Electoral College.Will they tell her story from the perspective of a long-suffering former firstlady, whose charismatic husband was impeached but not convicted, the chargesrooted in his tawdry conduct with a 21-year-old White House intern?Will they describe her work representing New York as a senator in Washington,later to be appointed secretary of state? Will they describe her grace underpressure in an email scandal? Will they speak of her love for her only child,Chelsea? How will history portray the Clinton marriage? Did Hillary seal herfate by remaining in it? Or had she made her deal with the devil and seen herhusband as an inconvenient but necessary catalyst in her political career?Right now, I will focus on the photo-gone-viral of Hillary Clinton the day afterher dignified and poised concession speech, posing alongside a young mother withher child in a carrier strapped onto her back. The photo was taken, apparentlyby Bill Clinton, as he and his wife encountered the young woman during a walk inthe woods near their suburban New York home. Hillary appears to be relaxed. (Ithink she may have even been wearing leggings.) She has on little to no makeup.She could be any of us, looking much as I do on a Saturday as I run errands atthe supermarket, the mall or going out for a movie with my husband.We can speculate that "this Hillary" might have appealed more to the Rust Beltvoters. We can come up with all sorts of explanations detailing her inability toconnect with the less educated. A Wellesley-educated woman with a degree fromYale School of Law still could not break the glass ceiling to become our firstfemale president. How will history tell her story, should that achievement go toa woman with pop star status? (Michael Moore has suggested perhaps OprahWinfrey.)Ultimately, when the 2016 Trump victory is described by historians, Hillary'sfate will be intertwined with his. There will be a supporting character ofVermont Senator Bernie Sanders, a populist with socialist appeal to the young aspart of the rising action in the political drama. Political pundits andreporters will serve as a contemporary Greek chorus, chanting key phrases fromthe sidelines: "basket of deplorables" and "what about her health?"The denouement will strike many as ironic tragedy. The image of President Obamademonstrating merciful acceptance of the election results, asking the nation toroot for the success of the soon-to-be President Trump. Yet not once in hiseight years in office did Mr. Obama's critics and opponents (Mr. Trump amongthem) ever root for him. President Obama's exit from office will be lifeimitating art in its parallel to the scene in "Hamilton" in which GeorgeWashington heads home to Virginia.My sincere hope is that when her story is told, the legacy of Hillary RodhamClinton will stand on its own merit rather than in the shadows of Donald Trumpand his self-proclaimed brand of big is better.Carolyn L. Buck is director of institutional advancement at the Institute ofNotre Dame; her email is bucklaz@aol.com