After reading Baltimore County school board member Ann Miller's call for theresignation of Superintendent Dallas Dance - on election night, he retweeted afellow educator's advice to love and protect minority students - I sent her anemail to ask if she had voted for Donald Trump. It seemed like a naturalquestion. What can I say? I can't help myself."Way to stay on topic, Mr. Rodricks," was her response.Ouch, right?But I didn't take the snappy retort personally. It didn't send me spinning intoa long, dark night of bourbon and self-examination. It just affirmed a kind ofdishonesty or cluelessness about this tempest in a teapot: Dance's instructionto teachers to comfort and protect minority students who might feel uneasy.Of course, it wasn't Dance's instruction. The original tweet came from JoshStarr, a former Montgomery County superintendent, who urged educators to "showyour muslim, black, latino, jewish, disabled, or just non-white St's, that youlove them and will protect them!"Miller thinks Dance should lose his job, that he showed poor judgment byretweeting a comment that excluded white kids.As if white kids needed special attention the day after Trump's election.As if minority students did not.That's the dishonesty or cluelessness of the complaint.That's why I asked Miller if she had voted for Trump. If you voted for Trump,then you must have had no problem with some of the aggressive statements - thefrequent emphasis of his campaign - on banning or deporting certain immigrants.And you probably see Dance's retweet as an attempt to address a problem wherethere is none. You probably see it as divisive.Miller made that very point in her Dance-must-go op-ed in The Baltimore Sun theother day: "It is causing division and racial tensions, when we need healing andunity."Which sounds exactly like Trump's comments on Election Night: "Now it is timefor America to bind the wounds of division. ... I say it is time for us to cometogether as one united people."The man spent a year and a half featuring the most bigoted rhetoric heard from amajor-party presidential candidate in our lifetimes, then called for a nationalkumbaya.Whether Trump supporters like it or admit it, their candidate worked the room.He exploited fears about terrorism, immigrants and protesters, called forramped-up deportations, and ended up making a lot of people - particularlynon-white people, Muslims and refugees - feel uneasy and even afraid. As heassembles his White House staff and Cabinet, there are even more reasons forcertain groups to worry about the next four years.So yes, that retweeted tweet might have been poorly worded. But I don't knockthe guy for the message on a night of high emotion. It shows a grasp ofpolitical and social reality. The Baltimore County school system has a diversepopulation of 110,000 students; white students are now a minority, and thenumber of immigrant students is growing.More than anything else, I suspect that people who knock Dance for hislove-and-protect retweet are probably sensitive to what it says about Trump'selection. Your man won, folks, but lots of our fellow citizens are nervous aboutthe development.In one respect - and not the one his critics hold - I agree that Dance's messagecould have included white kids because I suspect plenty of them also must feeluneasy or confused about what happened on Nov. 8.From Pikesville to Parkville, from Woodlawn to White Hall, there are probablyhundreds of boys and girls who can't believe that a man who behaved like a bullyand spoke like a bigot has been elected president. Those kids probably needcomforting, too.Many of Baltimore County's young people attend schools with diverse studentbodies. They're probably wondering how 60 million Americans decided that a manwho mocked a disabled reporter, questioned the motives of Gold StarMuslim-American parents, disparaged Mexicans and called for a ban on Muslimimmigrants and refugees should ascend to the nation's highest office.Middle and high school students across Baltimore County, who study hard andaspire to attend college, must scratch their heads that a man who knows solittle about the functions of government and the nation's relations to othercountries could win the White House.And all those boys who have been lectured about respecting girls - they must beshocked that a man who was recorded boasting about forcing himself on women, andthen was accused by several women of just such behavior, could become our headof state.So, if anything, Dallas Dance should be encouraging discussions in classroomsthroughout the county, offering love and comfort to those who are concerned andafraid, and an explanation to those who, like many of their parents, are dazedand confused.dan.rodricks@baltsun.comdan.rodricks@baltsun.com