The original Gerber baby has turned 90.The baby food maker says Ann Taylor Cook celebrated her 90th birthday on Sunday.Cook was about 4 months old in 1927 when her image was sketched in charcoal by afamily friend. The drawing was submitted to Gerber a year later when Gerber putout a call for images to be used in its new baby food advertisements. Cook'spicture became the company's official trademark in 1931.Cook became a mother of four and taught literature and writing in Tampa,Florida, for 26 years before retiring in 1989.Post-election optimism seen in marketplaceConsumer confidence rose more than previously reported to a six-month high inNovember, showing Americans became more optimistic about their finances and theeconomy after Donald Trump won the presidential election.The University of Michigan said Wednesday that its final index of sentiment roseto 93.8 from 87.2 in October, after a preliminary reading of 91.6 that reflectedpre-election views. The split was stark between respondents in the month'ssurvey before and after the Nov. 8 vote, with sentiment rising 8.2 points in thepost-election group from the pre-election cohort.The lift suggests that Americans were heartened on the whole by Trump's victoryover Democrat Hillary Clinton. At the same time, the increase may reflect a"honeymoon" period that could fade unless actual economic conditions improve,said Richard Curtin, director of the Michigan survey.Holiday packages poised to set recordFedEx Corp. and United Parcel Service Inc. expect to set another record forpackages handled this holiday season, fueled by an estimated 17 percent jump inonline spending.The start of online holiday shopping will trigger a surge making each Mondayfrom Nov. 28 through Dec. 19 among the busiest days in FedEx's history, saidPatrick Fitzgerald, the company's senior vice president of integrated marketingand communications.Online sales are likely to climb to $94.7 billion, representing almost 11percent of total sales in November and December, an all-time high, according toresearcher eMarketer.UPS expects to handle 700 million peak parcels this year, a jump of 17 percentfrom 2015. It's adding 95,000 temporary workers for the holidays. FedEx sees a10 percent increase in packages from 2015's record of 325 million, Fitzgeraldsaid. It's hiring more than 50,000 for temporary positions.Cranberry sauce DIY makes a comebackFor decades, canned cranberry sauce has been a stalwart of the Thanksgivingfeast for many Americans.In recent years, though, more consumers are  making their own sauce with freshcranberries, according to sales data and industry experts. As canned cranberrysales decline, fresh cranberry sales are going up, said Kellyanne Dignan,spokeswoman for Massachusetts-based Ocean Spray, the largest producer ofcranberry products in the U.S.The $117 million in shelf-stable cranberry sales for the 12-month period endingOct. 1 represents a decrease of more than 6 percent from the $124.8 million inthe same period in 2012,  sales data show.