SPIN CONTROLIn the years to come, volumes will be written about the disaffected voters of2016, complete with long interviews plus charts and graphs to show how unhappysome of them were with their choices for president this year.You could wait for the doctoral dissertations for proof, or you could look nofurther than the numbers being tallied in the Spokane County elections office.This is not to say that Spokane results are indicative of anything but SpokaneCounty, but they do point to a shift in the electorate over the  past threepresidential elections.Considering the presidential race is almost always the biggest draw in a yeardivisible by four, it is at least interesting and probably very telling thatalmost three times as many Spokane voters refused to mark their ballot foranyone for president compared to 2008, and about twice as many as 2012.The number of voters choosing anyone but Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton wasalso sharply up from the two previous elections. There were also three times asmany votes for third-party candidates and almost four times as many write-ins.Let's break down the numbers.First, it's important to remember that the county as a whole votes Republican inpresidential elections, although the city of Spokane trends Democratic. Thathasn't changed for decades.But in 2008, in the race between Barack Obama and John McCain, it almost did.Obama was ahead on election night; when all the votes were in and counted sometwo weeks later, McCain was up slightly more than a percentage point, 48.8percent to 47.6 percent.If you just said, "Wait a minute. That doesn't add up to 100 percent!" giveyourself a gold star. The totals for the two major candidates in thepresidential race never add up to 100 percent. Some voters cast their ballotsfor third-party candidates, some write in a name of someone they like better ordon't vote for anyone. These numbers shifted in 2016.Eight years ago, slightly more than 3.6 percent of Spokane County voters optedout of the McCain-Obama race. About 5,400 picked third-party candidates, about1,500 wrote in someone else and 942 left the race blank, which is called anundervote. Another 177 either got sloppy, had a change of heart or couldn't makeup their minds and filled in two or more ovals, called an overvote, so no onegot credit for them.Four years later, Obama got 45.3 percent in Spokane County compared to MittRomney's 51 percent, so the chunk of folks who voted in the other categorieswent up a smidge, with the biggest percentage bump in that gap showing up asundervotes; 1,318 voters left that one blank.All the votes haven't been counted yet for 2016, but already we know that Trumpwas a bit less popular overall, and Clinton significantly less so, compared tomajor party candidates of the last two campaigns. Trump is currently at 48.1percent and Clinton at 40 percent. That leaves a gap of about 12 percentAnother way to look at it: In the previous two presidential elections, althoughSpokane County went Republican for president Obama got more votes in the countythan the Democrats running for governor. In 2012, Romney got more votes than theRepublican running for U.S. Senate, and George W. Bush did better than the GOPSenate candidate in 2004. (There was no Senate race in Washington in 2008.)This year, both candidates have significantly fewer votes from Spokane Countythan the gubernatorial or Senate candidates from their parties. Clinton is ontrack to get fewer votes in the county than the Democratic candidate forCongress, Joe Pakootas, something that hasn't happened since 1996. Trump issignificantly behind U.S. Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers, but she usually outpollsthe GOP nominee.Where did those votes go?Some 18,500 Spokane County voters went for third-party candidates - more thanthree times as many as 2008. Another 8,000 wrote in another name - almost sixtimes as many as eight years ago and four times as many as 2012. Part of thatcould be chalked up to supporters of Bernie Sanders or one of the GOP hopefulswho lost in the primaries sticking with their guy. There was also a concertedeffort by some establishment Republicans to coalesce behind Evan McMullin, whodidn't start his campaign soon enough to qualify for the Washington ballot.Except for the Republican state party chairwoman who insisted Trump was going tocapture Washington, the outcome of the statewide presidential race wasn't indoubt. So some unhappy Democrats and Republicans may have felt free to votetheir conscience or their whim. But that also was true in the two previouselections. And for those who believe the old George Wallace adage of there notbeing a dime's worth of difference between Democrats and Republicans - possiblyless true than any year since William Jennings Bryan ran against William Taft1908 - they had a Libertarian, a Green Party candidate, a Constitutionalist andtwo Socialists.Jill Stein of the Green Party and Libertarian Gary Johnson were both on theballot for a second time. She did three times better than 2012. He did almostfour times better.Another 2,600 - almost triple the number and the percentage from 2008 -essentially said "none of the above" by leaving the presidential race blank.While that's still the race with the fewest undervotes countywide, when combinedwith all the other options for the presidential race it shows a marked increasein dissatisfaction with the end result of the major parties' nominating process.