AnalysisWASHINGTON - Since Donald Trump won the presidential election, I have beenconsistently asked three questions about the Supreme Court. Two seem obvious,and the third, at least to me, was surprising:Can President Barack Obama simply appoint Judge Merrick Garland to the courtsince the Senate has refused, for 250 days and counting, to act on thenomination?How likely is it that the court's jurisprudence on abortion will change now thatTrump will be choosing justices?And can Trump nominate his sister, a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the3rd Circuit, in Philadelphia, to the high court?Garland's fateThe first question is the most controversial. Even those who insist that Obamahas the power to force the issue on Garland's nomination agree it is unlikelythat he would try.The Constitution provides that the president "shall nominate, and by and withthe Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint ... Judges of the SupremeCourt, and all other Officers of the United States."The Republican-led Senate, of course, has refused to even hold a hearing onGarland's nomination, much less consent to his appointment. The Republicans'position since Justice Antonin Scalia's death in February has been that the nextpresident should choose Scalia's replacement.In the past, it has been generally assumed that the Senate can kill judicialnominations simply by refusing to act upon them until the president leavesoffice. Two current members of the court - John G. Roberts Jr. and Elena Kagan -had their earlier nominations to lower courts end without the Senate takingvotes.But millions have signed petitions urging another view - that Obama gave theSenate a chance to advise him on Garland's nomination, and because lawmakers didnot vote one way or the other, the president is free to move on to the "shallappoint" part of the Appointments Clause.AbortionIn a post-election interview on CBS' "60 Minutes," Trump repeated his pledge tonominate anti-abortion justices who could help overturn Roe v. Wade, the 1973decision that said a woman has a constitutional right to seek an abortion.If that happened, Trump said, abortion decisions would go back to the states,and some could ban it. Asked whether he was comfortable with the idea that womenmight have to go to other states to end their pregnancies, Trump replied: "Well,we'll see what happens. It's got a long way to go."Almost everyone can agree on that.It became clear at the end of the court's last term that there is a majority onthe court to maintain Roe and the line of subsequent cases that have expoundedon that constitutional right. The court has acknowledged the state's interest inprotecting fetal life but also said a state's restrictions cannot put an "undueburden" on a woman's right.It is far from clear that even a majority of those who disagree with Roe wouldmove quickly to dismantle it. But the possibility is motivating both sides ofthe divisive issue.Judge Maryanne Trump BarryTrump himself has mused about nominating his sister to the Supreme Court,although he has said it is unlikely."I would love to, but I think she would be the one to say, 'No way, no way,' "he said in a Fox News interview last year.Judicial ethics experts said  federal laws would not prohibit Trump fromnominating Barry, who was elevated to the appeals court by President BillClinton in 1999.But the National Review has called Barry a "pro-abortion extremist judge."Barry, who served on the appeals court with Justice Samuel Alito, was part of apanel that struck down a New Jersey ban on the later-term abortion procedurecritics call "partial-birth abortion."