AnalysisWASHINGTON  - Donald Trump promised to "drain the swamp" in the nation'scapital. Instead, he's diving right in.So far, the president-elect is tapping people with deep ties to Washington andWall Street as he fills out his Cabinet, turning to two power centers hevilified as greedy, corrupt and out of touch with Americans during his WhiteHouse campaign. His choices have won praise from Republicans relieved by hismore conventional choices, but could risk angering voters who rallied behind hiscalls for upending the political system.Two of Trump's early picks are wealthy financial industry insiders with ties tothe kinds of institutions he railed against as a candidate. Elaine Chao, hischoice for transportation secretary and an accomplished political figure in herown right, is married to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell - blendingfamily and political power in a way Trump fiercely criticized campaign rivalHillary Clinton for. Jeff Sessions, Trump's selection for attorney general, hasspent two decades in the Senate, and Tom Price, his health and human servicesnominee, is a six-term congressman.The gap between Trump's campaign rhetoric and his governing decisions is moststriking regarding his emerging economic team. On Wednesday, he announced thathe planned to nominate former Goldman Sachs executive Steven Mnuchin as histreasury secretary and billionaire investor Wilbur Ross to lead the CommerceDepartment.As a candidate, Trump said Wall Street had created "tremendous problems" for thecountry. He included the CEO of Goldman Sachs in a television advertisement thataccused global financial powers of having "robbed our working class."Mnuchin and Ross also have financial links to Trump's White House bid, withMnuchin having led the campaign's fundraising efforts. Trump repeatedly braggedthat his personal wealth - he mostly self-funded his campaign during theprimaries - meant he would not be beholden to donors who might expect theirfinancial contributions to be repaid with powerful jobs or insider access."I can't be bought," Trump said during the campaign. "I won't owe anybodyanything."Trump's transition team brushed aside questions about whether there areinconsistencies between the president-elect's campaign rhetoric and his Cabinetpicks."These are experts who know how to win," spokesman Jason Miller said Wednesday.By picking billionaires, as well as a smattering of millionaires, for hisCabinet, Trump is asking voters to trust that privileged insiders can help astressed and dispirited middle class - even though he, like past presidentialcandidates, promised he would change that dynamic. Few of his choices haveoutwardly displayed much of a common touch. Many live surrounded by a level ofwealth that most Americans struggle to fathom - and prospered in recent decadesas many Americans coped with stagnant incomes.Not only did Mnuchin once work at Goldman Sachs, but so did his father. Afterleaving the investment bank in 2002, the Yale graduate pivoted into hedge fundmanagement and producing blockbuster movies such as "Batman vs Superman: Dawn ofJustice." Mnuchin invested in the wreckage of the housing crisis, scooping upthe troubled bank IndyMac and turning a $1.6 billion profit in under a year asmillions of Americans endured foreclosure.Ross orbits a similar world as Trump, as both of them have luxurious homes inManhattan and Palm Beach, Florida. The billionaire investor bought up manystruggling steel, auto and coal firms in the industrial Midwest at a steepdiscount and sold them for steep profits, even as factory and mining jobs at thecore of American identity disappeared.Chao is the offspring of a Chinese shipping magnate, in addition to serving onthe boards of Wells Fargo bank, Dole Food and News Corp., the parent of FoxNews. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, the wealthiest of Trump's Cabinetnominees thus far, married into the family that started the sales company Amway.Trump and other Republicans spent months warning voters that a possible Clintonadministration would be lined with Wall Street insiders, campaign donors andother special-interest hires. But GOP officials have raised no such concernsabout Trump's picks.If anything, some Republicans appear relieved. Many of Trump's picks are cutfrom a more traditional Republican mold and share the party's ideologicalpreferences, in some cases more so than Trump himself."The picks so far have been fantastic and well-received by Republicans andconservatives of all stripes," said Cesar Conda, the former chief of staff forFlorida Sen. Marco Rubio. "Trump is unifying the party, which is essential togetting his agenda enacted."House Speaker Paul Ryan, a lukewarm Trump supporter for much of the campaign,praised the economic picks Wednesday, saying he was "excited to get to work withthis strong team."Trump is still weighing his choices for several Cabinet posts, includingsecretary of state. Among the leading contenders: millionaire businessman MittRomney, the 2012 GOP presidential nominee, and millionaire lawyer Rudy Giuliani,the former New York City mayor.swamp