Gift of experiencesShoppers have generally been moving away from buying "stuff" and more towardspending on experiences. Factors from the weather to when Thanksgiving fallsalready affect how stores fare at the holidays, and retailers from departmentstores to discounters are under intense pressure from online sellers to offerlow prices and convenience.NEW YORK  - A divisive election that left half the country deflated and theother half rejuvenated could reverberate through the holiday shopping season inthe kind of gifts people are giving or how much they spend.Some retailers say they have seen a surge in feel-good items such as spatreatments, candles and comfort food, while executives at some major retailerslike Wal-Mart, Target and Macy's, have said there's no discernable shift inconsumer behavior since the presidential election won by Republican DonaldTrump.The divide in the outlook may reflect the rift in the election, as Americanssplit along geographic lines as well as by income."I don't need a comfort dog. I don't need anybody to feel sorry for me," saidRhondi Bleeker, 50, of Totowa, New Jersey. "I'm actually happy because I was forTrump."Bleeker, who owns an eyelash extension business, believes the economy will bebetter now. She says she'll still be spending the same $3,000 as she does everyholiday season, but she believes her business could do even better becausewhether people are sad or happy, most will want retail therapy.Some shoppers say they plan to divert money from traditional gifts like sweatersto donations to charity groups in their friends' or relatives' names.Ryan Holmes of Chicago, who voted for Democrat Hillary Clinton, said he plans todevote at least one-quarter of the $750 he typically spends on holiday gifts todoing that. Even for gifts like music or books, he says he can't help but feelhe might make a political statement such as perhaps giving a book on climatechange to educate a friend."I am frightened to what's to come, and sad and less hopeful," said Holmes, 34,an urban planning and real estate consultant. But he added, "I'm feeling moreengaged."A dip in buying before a presidential election is normal as people aredistracted, but spending usually bounces back afterward.Tamara Gaffney, principal analyst and director at Adobe Systems, an onlineresearch company, said that between Nov. 1 and Nov. 14 this year, retailers lostout on more than $800 million in online revenue, with the sharpest drophappening after the Nov. 8 election. States that voted Democratic have seen thebiggest drops since the election, she said. Gaffney says she's waiting to seehow the Thanksgiving weekend plays out and may have to revise the originalholiday online sales growth forecast of 11 percent."We are in uncharted territory," said Gerald Storch, the CEO of Hudson's BayCo., which operates department stores under that name, Lord & Taylor and SaksFifth Avenue. "We will know more as we get past Black Friday."The divide could play into the hands of retailers who customize goods to caterto increasingly fragmented tastes."While some people might drive an election boost, there are going to be othersthat will hold back," said Frank Badillo, director of research at consumerresearch group MacroSavvy LLC. "The winners and losers are going to be dividedby category, by store, by different parts of the country."Peter Gold, chief marketing officer at Market America's online marketplaceShop.com, says since late October he's seen a sales surge in spa products,candles, and comfort food that he expects will continue through the holidays.Products that bear words like "hope" and "kindness" are seeing sales as much asdouble since the election, says Lee Rhodes, founder and CEO of the nine-storeGlassybaby chain that sells handblown glass items. Those with themes like "elf"and "joy" have not kept pace, she said.Nielsen's most recent surveys have shown that food has catapulted into the No. 2spot in terms of hot holiday gifts, past toys and consumer electronics thisseason, said Jordan Rost of the company's consumer insights division. Gift cardsranked first, as they have for several years. He said food is a safe bet forretailers because millennials turn to comfort food when they are stressed, andbaby boomers turn to food as a reward.Miriam Naficy, whose online retail site Minted crowdsources stationery as wellas art and home decor, noticed a gap in what customers wanted in greeting cards.After rising 9 percent since Oct. 1 in all states, the demand for the word"cheer," in holiday cards has fallen 14 percent since the election. Demand forcards using "peace," which is not usually as popular, was up 14 percent, andthose using "hope" rose 9 percent."We are scrambling quickly to repurpose the cards,"  Naficy said. "Half theaudience is happy; the other half are not. Some people are trying to send lovein their own way - some people want to send love in a quiet way. You have tohave something for everyone."voter gifts