Wisconsin will begin a historic presidential recount next week and the statecould risk losing its ability to have its 10 electoral votes counted if itdoesn't meet key deadlines next month.Hitting a Dec. 13 deadline could be particularly tricky if Green Partypresidential nominee Jill Stein is able to force the recount to be conducted byhand, Wisconsin's top election official said.Stein and independent presidential candidate Roque "Rocky" De La Fuenteseparately filed recount requests late Friday, the last day they were able to doso. Stein received about 30,000 votes and De La Fuente about 1,500 out of 3million cast.One or both of them will have to pay for the recount because they lost by morethan 0.25 percent. The cost could top $1 million.Stein is also planning to ask for recounts in Michigan and Pennsylvania, whichhave deadlines next week. She has raised $5 million for the recounts in recentdays - more than she raised during her campaign leading up to the Nov. 8election.Wisconsin's recount will likely begin late next week, once the state has tallieda cost estimate and received payment from Stein's campaign, said Michael Haas,administrator of the Wisconsin Elections Commission.Recounts will be done by county boards of canvassers, which will likely have towork nights and weekends, Haas said.The push for a recount came as liberals raised fears about hacked votingmachines. Election officials and experts say they are unaware of any problemswith Wisconsin's vote tally.Republican Donald Trump edged out Democrat Hillary Clinton by some 27,000 votesin Wisconsin, becoming the first GOP presidential candidate to win the statesince 1984.Wisconsin's last statewide recount was in 2011 for a state Supreme Court seatand the outcome did not change. The recount showed Justice David Prosserdefeated challenger JoAnne Kloppenburg by 7,004 votes - a slightly tightermargin than the 7,316-vote victory he had in initial returns.That recount took more than a month. This one would have to happen more quicklybecause of a federal law that says states must complete presidential recountswithin 35 days of the election to ensure their electoral votes are counted. Thisyear, that's Dec. 13."You may potentially have the state electoral votes at stake if it doesn't getdone by then," said Haas.A lawyer with Stein's campaign has said it wants the recount done by hand. Thatwould take longer and require a judge's order, Haas said.Perhaps the most important deadline is Dec. 19, when electors around the countrymust meet to cast their Electoral College votes, said Edward Foley, an expert inelection law at Moritz College of Law at Ohio State University."That is a hard deadline and if a state were to miss that deadline, it would betechnically in jeopardy of not having its electoral votes counted," he said.If the recount isn't complete by then, electors from Wisconsin could meet anywayand try to have their results sent to Congress by the time it counts the voteson Jan. 6, Foley said. Congress has wide latitude to decide how to count thestates' electoral votes.Political scientist Barry Burden, the director of the Elections Research Centerat the University of Wisconsin-Madison, said it would be extremely difficult tocomplete the recount on time. About twice as many votes were cast in thepresidential election as the 2011 Supreme Court race.In recounts, typically both candidates gain votes, in part because absenteeballots that weren't counted initially get tallied, he said. Some absenteeballots don't get counted on election day because they were damaged or had extramarks on them.Closing Clinton's gap of 27,000 votes is unlikely, Burden said. She would haveto win recounts in all three states to win the presidency - an even more remotepossibility.The following fields overflowed: KEYWORD = ADV26:MW - national (1100 words)