EditorialAlong with the revival of civics classes, our educational system could, perhaps,introduce courses in media literacy, because Americans are in serious need of areality check.Fake news articles used to be confined to pass-around emails, which didn't havethe reach or sudden impact they now enjoy on social media. But consider thisfinding from a BuzzFeed News analysis:"In the final three months of the U.S. presidential campaign, the top-performingfake election news stories on Facebook generated more engagement than the topstories from major news outlets such as the New York Times, Washington Post,Huffington Post, NBC News and others."BREAKING!!!! THIS IS A VERY REAL THREAT TO DEMOCRACY!!!!"And that's the truth. What isn't true is much of what is written in cartoonishfonts and over-the-top language. We've experienced an uptick in letters to theeditor based on fake news, and we reject them.The Washington Post and New York Times lifted the curtain on fake journalismwith a couple of timely articles over the weekend. One financially successfulventure, LibertyWriterNews, is run by two unemployed restaurant workers who siton a couch with their laptop computers and guffaw as they hit the "send" button.They admitted to a Washington Post reporter that their inspiration is 19thcentury yellow journalism.Generally, people don't like being played for fools, but when you're politicallymotivated to believe what you see, critical thinking skills can go by thewayside. Hillary Clinton implicated in an underage sex ring? This was peddled bya conspiracy site called True Pundit, and it's false. But if retired Gen.Michael Flynn tweets the claim, it has to have some merit, right? Wrong. Andyet, Flynn is President-elect Donald Trump's choice as national securityadviser, a post where facts matter.The nation has moved from unsuspecting relatives forwarding hoax emails to muchmore serious terrain. When fake news can go viral in a flash and be passed alongby important figures, the facts become muddled and political debates thrown offcourse.A case in point, according to a New York Times article, is a man in Austin,Texas, who had about 40 Twitter followers. He photographed a line of buses andtweeted the picture, along with a suggestion that anti-Trump protesters werebeing bused in for rallies. In fact, the vehicles had transported about 1,300attendees to a software conference - a fact that was unearthed when a reportercalled to ask (what a concept). By the time the Texas tweeter had stamped hisoriginal claim "False," it was too late. It had been retweeted more than 16,000times and shared more than 350,000 times on Facebook. Trump mentioned it in atweet.You may hear about it at Thanksgiving dinner.The mainstream media isn't held in the highest regard, according to polls, butnewspapers do run corrections and are staffed by professional journalists whotry to get stories right. Walk away from that, if you must, but the antidoteisn't fake anecdotes. Choose wisely, and consider the source.