HARRISBURG, Pa. - A Green Party-backed campaign changed its strategy to force astatewide recount of Pennsylvania's Nov. 8 presidential election, won byRepublican Donald Trump, and said late Saturday night that it will seek help inthe federal courts, rather than the state courts.The announcement that it would seek an emergency federal court order on Mondayfor a recount came hours after it dropped a case in the state courts."Make no mistake - the Stein campaign will continue to fight for a statewiderecount in Pennsylvania," recount campaign lawyer Jonathan Abady said in astatement. "We are committed to this fight to protect the civil and votingrights of all Americans."In the statement, Abady said barriers to a recount in Pennsylvania are pervasiveand the state court system is ill-equipped to address the problem.Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein has framed the campaign as aneffort to explore whether voting machines and systems had been hacked and theelection result manipulated. Stein's lawyers, however, had offered no evidenceof hacking in Pennsylvania's election, and the state Republican Party and Trumphad asked the court to dismiss the state court case.The decision came two days before a state court hearing was scheduled in thecase. Saturday's court filing to withdraw the case said the Green Party-backedvoters who filed it "are regular citizens of ordinary means" and cannot affordthe $1 million bond ordered by the court by 5 p.m. Monday. Green Party-backedefforts to force recounts and analyze election software in scattered precinctswere continuing.The case in Pennsylvania court has been part of an effort spearheaded by Steinto force recounts in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, three states with ahistory of backing Democrats for president that were narrowly and unexpectedlywon by Trump over Democrat Hillary Clinton.A recount began Thursday in Wisconsin, while a recount could begin next week inMichigan. Trump's victory in Pennsylvania was particularly stunning: The state'sfifth-most electoral votes are a key stepping stone to the White House, and noRepublican presidential candidate had captured the state since 1988.Stein had said the purpose of Pennsylvania's recount was to ensure "our votesare safe and secure," considering hackers' probing of election targets in otherstates and hackers' accessing of the emails of the Democratic National Committeeand several Clinton staffers. U.S. security officials have said they believeRussian hackers orchestrated the email hacks, something Russia has denied.They have sought unsuccessfully in recent days to get various counties to allowa forensic examination of their election system software.Lawyers for Trump and the state Republican Party argued there was no evidence,or even an allegation, that tampering with Pennsylvania's voting systems hadoccurred. Further, Pennsylvania law does not allow a court-ordered recount, theyargued, and a lawyer for the Green Party had acknowledged that the effort waswithout precedent in Pennsylvania.The case also had threatened Pennsylvania's ability to certify its presidentialelectors by the Dec. 13 federal deadline, Republican lawyers argued.On Saturday, a GOP lawyer, Lawrence Tabas, said the case had been meant "solelyfor purposes to delay the Electoral College vote in Pennsylvania forPresident-Elect Trump."The state's top elections official, Secretary of State Pedro Cortes, a Democrat,has said there was no evidence of any sort of cyberattacks or irregularities inthe election. Any recount would change few votes, Cortes predicted.