Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers is remaining mum about her rumored job prospects inPresident-elect Donald Trump's administration.The fourth-ranking House Republican from Spokane was captured on camera  lastweekend meeting with Trump at his golf club in New Jersey. Other visitorsincluded former Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and Kris Kobach,Kansas' secretary of state, who photographers captured with an apparent actionplan for the Department of Homeland Security tucked under his arm.The speculation about Trump's cabinet has run rampant in recent days, with thepresident-elect taking to Twitter and a self-published video to describe thetransition process as smooth. McMorris Rodgers has been part of thoseconversations, to the point of prompting Spokane County Auditor Vicky Dalton tobegin exploring a contingency plan if the congresswoman accepts a position inTrump's White House."We've been receiving calls," Dalton said Monday.But the congresswoman has avoided all questions posed following Sunday's meetingabout whether Trump offered her a position in his cabinet. The meeting has drawnincreased attention because McMorris Rodgers, who has criticized Trump for hispublic comments about women, was the president-elect's only female visitor  lastweekend.Despite her tepid endorsement of Trump during the campaign, McMorris Rodgersalso used her position as House Republican conference chair to arrange a meetingon Capitol Hill between the candidate and GOP lawmakers  last summer after hispath to the nomination became assured.The congresswoman appeared on two prescheduled radio interviews Monday, one withKXLY's Kristi Gorenson and Bud Nameck, the other with Portland-basedconservative talk show host Lars Larson. In both interviews, McMorris Rodgersrefused to say if a potential cabinet position was discussed."We had a great conversation about a whole host of topics," McMorris Rodgersresponded when Larson asked directly if she was being considered as part ofTrump's administration. Her response prompted some exasperation from Larson anda follow-up question that the congresswoman also refused to answer.In both interviews, McMorris Rodgers praised Trump's meeting with Romney,another prominent Republican who criticized the New York real estate mogul onthe campaign trail. Vice President-elect Mike Pence said Sunday that Romney isunder "serious consideration" for secretary of state.Molly Drenkard, a spokeswoman for the congresswoman, said Tuesday that McMorrisRodgers' focus remains on serving as House Republican conference chair, a postshe was re-elected to last week. The congresswoman would not  comment further onspeculation about a cabinet position, Drenkard said.That hasn't lessened speculation about where McMorris Rodgers might end up ifshe's part of the new  administration. Guesses by national pundits, including atthe Washington Post, center on secretary of the interior, a post currently heldby Seattle businesswoman Sally Jewell. The interior secretary is responsible for247 million acres of public lands as well as grazing, mining and coal leases.McMorris Rodgers stressed her work on hydropower in her successful congressionalcampaign. She also touted work on national forest management legislation withDemocratic Sen. Maria Cantwell, though the bill she helped work through theRepublican-led House in 2015 was panned by critics for limiting public input inthe rebuilding process. The U.S. Forest Service falls under the Department ofAgriculture.If McMorris Rodgers were to be named to the cabinet, an election would need tobe held to fill her seat. The Constitution requires a ballot, not anappointment, for a seat in Congress. The most recent example in Washington camein 2012, when then-Rep. Jay Inslee resigned from Congress to launch a successfulcampaign for governor. Inslee left office March 20, 2012, and the seat wasvacant seven months before voters elected Rep. Suzan  DelBene in November.meeting