Spin ControlSpokane County certified its ballot results last week, which gives us the finalpiece of the 2016 election puzzle: the turnout.It was better than ever. And it wasn't as good as in some past elections.Like most things in politics, it depends on how you want to spin it. VinceLombardi, Scotty Bowman or whoever really first said "statistics are for losers"either forgot to add "? and political pundits" or figured that was a redundancy.The 239,229 ballots cast are the most ever counted in an election in Spokane.Yay for us.The 306,261 registered voters are also the most ever signed up in Spokane. Yayagain.But as a percentage of registered voters casting a ballot, it's not a record.The number of voters voting did not grow as fast as the number of votersregistering. This year's 78.1 percent is pretty middling by historic standardsand lower than all the presidential elections since 2000, when the George W.Bush  vs. Al Gore matchup enticed only 76 percent of the voters to cast aballot.An analysis of the precinct breakdowns shows that all areas of the communityhave more registered voters than the most recent presidential election in 2012.Some areas had fewer votes, while others had significantly more.Northeast Spokane precincts, those east of Division Street from the river toHillyard, had fewer people turning in ballots than four years ago. Someindividual precincts in cities and unincorporated areas also saw drops,including the precinct that encompasses Fairchild Air Force Base.Because the boundary lines have changed and some precincts get split as theirpopulation grows, it's hard to make direct comparisons for all 355 precincts.But it is possible to say,  compared to 2012, the city of Spokane Valley turnedin an extra 2,224,  un- incorporated areas of the Valley an extra 1,656 andLiberty Lake an extra 948.In the city of Spokane, downtown and the lower South Hill managed an extra 646ballots, the upper South Hill an extra 1,187, the far northwest precincts anextra 720 and the West Central to Division area another 720, thanks in part tothe growth in the precincts around Kendall Yards.The rural areas in south Spokane County stayed pretty close to even.Put another way - the way candidates and political parties are likely to see it- registration in almost all precincts grew by a couple of percentage points,while percentage of ballots turned in dropped. But turnout doesn't electcandidates or pass ballot measures. Votes do. The precincts that traditionallyvote Republican turned in more ballots than those that traditionally voteDemocratic.A map of the vote totals is available on the Spin Control blog.We're No. 8The state, too, had a record number of ballots cast but didn't have a recordturnout, for much the same reason.Even though the state's turnout of 79 percent was below what election officialshoped, it was eighth in the nation, Lori Augino, state elections director, tolda House committee last week.At the bottom of the list were several states that didn't hit 50 percent,including Texas, Indiana and Hawaii.About 310,000 voters joined the rolls in 2016, pushing the state over 4 millionfor the first time. Augino said the most popular way to sign up was online, withregistering when getting or renewing a driver's license a close second.On to next year's campaignsThe Public Disclosure Commission wants some changes to the state's campaignfinance laws that might make some candidates happy. It told the House StateGovernment Committee it would streamline the reporting system to get rid ofcurrent laws that require comprehensive spending reports on a calendar thatchanges each year based on the date of the election, and requires reports sevendays and 21 days before an election.That timetable is left over from the days when most reports were filed by paper,and now most are filed online, PDC staff said. It could be streamlined to reportcontributions weekly and expenditures monthly.The commission also would like large contributions of $10,000 or more to aninitiative campaign to be reported within 24 hours by the donor, and within 48hours by the recipient. And the state needs to remove the limit on largecontributions to ballot measures within three weeks of the election, because aU.S. Supreme Court ruling made that unenforceable.Spin Control, a weekly column by political reporter , also appears online withdaily items and reader comments, at www.spokesman.com/ blogs/spincontrol.