Officials: U.S. approves Airbus saleWASHINGTON - The Obama administration has green-lighted the sale of more than100 Airbus planes to Iran, officials said Tuesday. It is the latest U.S. licensefor commercial activity with the Islamic republic following last year's nucleardeal.Airbus in September received a license to sell 17 planes to Tehran. Two U.S.officials with knowledge of the matter said the European manufacturer gotpermission Monday to export 106 more.Airbus needs Treasury Department approval because at least 10 percent of theplane's components are American-made. Hoping to replace its aging fleet of 1970sU.S. aircraft, Iran has agreed to purchase tens of billions of dollars' worth ofplanes from Airbus and its American competitor, the Boeing Co.Associated PressThroughout the U.S. presidential election campaign, Donald Trump repeatedlyarticulated disgust for the nuclear deal reached last year between Iran andworld powers and promised to scrap it if he took office.  Although Trump won theelection, the head of Iran's nuclear program, Ali Akbar Salehi, doesn't appeartoo concerned about Trump's  threat.Alongside President Hassan Rouhani and Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif,Salehi was one of the main Iranian officials to take part in negotiations withcounterparts from the United States and the other permanent members of the U.N.Security Council. The agreement put limits on Tehran's nuclear program in returnfor sanctions relief and the unfreezing of Iranian funds locked in foreign bankaccounts.Iranian officials have warned the United States that any steps to renege on thedeal would potentially kill it - sounding the drums of war in the Middle Eastand sparking an international diplomatic crisis, with allies in Europe likely tobe aggrieved by Washington's rejection of what took years of multilateralnegotiation and coordination."The Islamic Republic of Iran acts upon its undertakings under the nuclear dealand we expect the other side to act upon its undertakings as well," Salehi saidTuesday, according to a report in the semiofficial Fars News Agency. "I imaginewhen the U.S. president practically takes the country's leadership, he will takeactions on the basis of the realities."Salehi added: "It is an international issue and we think that we will not faceso many problems."His public calm belies divisions within Iranian politics over the deal and thewisdom of negotiating anything with the United States, a longtime geopoliticalfoe. Some hard-liners close to the inner circle of Iran's supreme leader,Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, also have indicated their desire to tear up theagreement. Khamenei, for his part, said earlier this year that if Trump scrapsthe deal, "we will set fire to it."Meanwhile, policy experts and officials in Washington, including those whostaunchly opposed the Iran deal during its inception, also are cautioningagainst scrapping it - a move that would profoundly antagonize U.S. allies.Rather, they're pushing for a tightening of conditions and a re-imposition ofsanctions so that Tehran will feel compelled to renegotiate some of the terms ofthe deal.