Trump wins MichiganPresident-elect Donald Trump has won Michigan's 16 electoral votes.The Board of State Canvassers certified Trump's 10,704-vote victory on Monday,nearly three weeks after the election. The two-tenths of a percentage pointmargin out of nearly 4.8 million votes is the closest presidential race inMichigan in more than 75 years. Trump is the first Republican presidentialnominee to win Michigan since 1988.Trump's win in Michigan gives the Republican 306 electoral votes to DemocratHillary Clinton's 232.Jill Stein's Green Party served notice that it would petition for a Michiganrecount.NEW YORK - The drama, disputes and falsehoods that permeated Donald Trump'spresidential campaign are now roiling his transition to the White House, forcingaides to defend his baseless assertions of illegal voting and sending internalfights spilling into public.On Monday, a recount effort, led by Green Party candidate Jill Stein and joinedby Hillary Clinton's campaign, also marched on in three states, based partly onthe Stein campaign's unsubstantiated assertion that cyberhacking could haveinterfered with electronic voting machines. Wisconsin officials approved plansto begin a recount as early as Thursday. Stein also asked for a recount inPennsylvania and was expected to do the same in Michigan, where officialscertified Trump's victory Monday.Trump has angrily denounced the recounts and now claims without evidence thathe, not Clinton, would have won the popular vote if it hadn't been for "millionsof people who voted illegally." On Twitter, he singled out Virginia, Californiaand New Hampshire. In another series of tweets Monday, he lashed out at a CNNreporter who had called Trump's fraud claim "baseless."There has been no indication of widespread election tampering or voter fraud inthose states or any others, and Trump aides struggled Monday to back up theirboss's claim.Spokesman Jason Miller said illegal voting was "an issue of concern." But theonly evidence he raised was a 2014 news report and a study on votingirregularities conducted before the 2016 election.Trump met Monday with candidates for top Cabinet posts, including retired Gen.David Petraeus, a new contender for secretary of state. Trump is to meet Tuesdaywith Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker, who is also being considered more seriously forthe diplomatic post, and Mitt Romney, who has become a symbol of the internaldivisions agitating the transition team.Petraeus said he spent about an hour with Trump, and he praised thepresident-elect for showing a "great grasp of a variety of the challenges thatare out there.""Very good conversation and we'll see where it goes from here," he said. Aformer CIA chief, Petraeus pleaded guilty last year to a misdemeanor charge ofmishandling classified information relating to documents he had provided to hisbiographer, with whom he was having an affair.Trump is expected Tuesday to name Georgia Rep. Tom Price to lead the Departmentof Health and Human Services, said a person familiar with the decision, whoinsisted on anonymity because the person was not authorized to discuss thenomination publicly.Vice President-elect Mike Pence, who is heading the transition effort,  saidthere would be "a number of very important announcements tomorrow" as he exitedTrump Tower Monday night.Pence is said to be among those backing Romney for state. Romney was fiercelycritical of Trump throughout the campaign but is interested in the Cabinetposition, and they discussed it during a lengthy meeting earlier this month.Other top Trump allies, notably campaign manager Kellyanne Conway, have launcheda highly unusual public campaign to warn the president-elect that nominatingRomney would be seen as a betrayal by his supporters. Conway's comments stirredspeculation that she is seeking to either force Trump's hand or give him coverfor ultimately passing over Romney.Three people close to the transition team said Trump had been aware that Conwayplanned to voice her opinion, both on Twitter and in television interviews. Theydisputed reports that Trump was furious at her and suggested his decision toconsider additional candidates instead highlighted her influence.Conway served as Trump's third campaign manager and largely succeeded innavigating the minefield of rivalries that ensnared other officials. Trump issaid to have offered her a choice of White House jobs - either press secretaryor communications director. But people with knowledge of Conway's plans say sheis more interested in serving as an outside political adviser, akin to the rolePresident Barack Obama's campaign manager David Plouffe played following the2008 election.The wrangling over the State Department post appears to have slowed theannouncements of other top jobs. Retired Gen. James Mattis, who impressed Trumpduring a pre-Thanksgiving meeting, was at the top of the list for defensesecretary, but a final decision had not been made.