To all females: There is no wage gap, but there's a gap that can close it, askill gap. Because of females securing less valuable degrees, of little to noimportance of progressing one's career, so in short here's what you need to doto fix this gap. Get a better degree/trade, there are many male dominated tradesin which ceilings need broken. Welders need more females for their smaller andmore precise hands, STEM is really growing and needs more female jobs.You women can go out here and make a living for yourselves, even if the path youchoose is male dominated, you can succeed in there you must put your mind to it,and that is all I have to say.Xander O'DonnellJackson TownshipHillary lost, get over itWhat is wrong with this country? This election wasn't about Republicans votingfor Donald Trump. Didn't you read the Republican Party refused to support himand demanded that he drop out of the race? This election was about people, whohave had enough of our politicians, Republican and Democrats not representingus. If they were representing us, they would not have their own retirement andmedical benefits program, paid by us, they would be on Social Security andMedicareWhile many of you are demonstrating and rioting against Donald Trump, yourleader, who said she was for, "coming together," instead of thanking her peoplefor their support and asking them to stop the rioting and get to work bringingour country together, she is blaming the FBI for causing her to lose theelection.Like her husband, "I never had sex with that woman," Bill Clinton, she refusesto accept responsibility for her inability to act in Benghazi, deleting heremails to cover up her mistakes and then lying about it. This is not the kind ofleader this country needs.Wake up and smell what she is shoveling! Remember, she didn't support the womenher husband seduced when he was president. These poor women were being abused bya man and Hillary should have been protecting them.The election is over and Hillary didn't win. Get over it!Robert HollingerYorkDrop out ofthe Electoral CollegeWe need to get rid of the Electoral College.Twice in the last five presidential elections the person with more popular voteswas not declared the winner. Al Gore had more votes than George W. Bush, HillaryClinton had more votes than Donald Trump.This anachronism was instituted by the founding fathers as a sop to the smallerstates. But these states already have an advantage in having the same number ofsenators as the larger states.In Wyoming, there is one electoral vote for every 194,000 people. InPennsylvania, it's one electoral vote for every 638,000 people. This meansWyoming's votes are three times as important as Pennsylvania's. What happened to"one man, one vote"?This shouldn't be a partisan issue, it's a matter of fairness.Turk PierceSpringettsbury Township