A New PresidentIn case you hadn't heard, Donald Trump won the presidential election. With theRepublican Party in control of the House and the Senate, this significantlyincreased the odds of major changes to tax laws next year, particularly sincethe president-elect had aligned much of his tax agenda with that of the GOP'scongressional leadership.Among the tax-related items the Trump administration is likely to pursue (inmany cases during its first 100 days) are:Lowering the corporate tax rate to 15 percent;Lowering individual income tax rates and reducing the number of brackets tothree (at 12 percent, 25 percent and 33 percent);Capping the capital gains rate at 20 percent;Eliminating the estate tax; and,Eliminating the taxes associated with the Affordable Care Act as part of itsrepeal. (For more, see "Tax Strategy" on page 27.)The usual end-of-the-year merger frenzy began, with accounting firms of allsizes wheeling and dealing. (See our expanded M&A Watch, page 42.)Top 6 Firm BDO USA brought on 15 new Securities and Exchange Commission auditclients in the third quarter, leading the auditor pack. (See page 30.)The International Accounting Standards Board released its five-year work planfor International Financial Reporting Standards, with a focus on completing itsinsurance contracts standard and revising its conceptual framework. The IASBanticipates issuing both documents next year, and is also aiming for "bettercommunication" in financial statements as a central theme in itsstandard-setting over the next five years.It was a tough month for large audit firms, as regulators and legislators hit anumber of them with charges or pointed questions. The Securities and ExchangeCommission, for instance, charged PKF O'Connor Davies and one of its seniorpartners with issuing fraudulent audit reports on the municipal bond offeringsof the town of Ramapo, N.Y. PKF O'Connor Davies defended its audits.The SEC also initiated proceedings against an audit partner at Big Four firmPricewaterhouseCoopers, accusing him of not doing enough to audit a venturecapital fund whose manager was stealing money, alleging that the PwC auditorfailed to flag the millions of dollars taken from a fund. PwC plans to disputethe case.And a group of senators, including Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., and BernieSanders, I-Vt., asked KPMG about the quality of its audits at Wells Fargo from2011 to 2015, in the wake of the recent scandal involving the bank's opening ofmillions of unauthorized customer accounts. At press time, the Big Four firm wasreviewing the senators' letter.A number of high-profile appointments and elections were announced. The AmericanInstitute of CPAs installed Kimberly Ellison-Taylor, global accounting strategydirector for Oracle America, as the new chairman of its board of directors,making her the AICPA's first African-American female chairperson. Before joiningOracle, Ellison-Taylor had leadership positions at the NASA Goddard Space FlightCenter, Motorola, KPMG, and the Prince George's County, Maryland, government.Andrew Miskin was named the inaugural chair of the Association of InternationalCertified Professional Accountants, the new global accounting organizationcreated by the AICPA and the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants. Heis currently president of CIMA, a role he will continue to serve in, whileimmediate past AICPA chair Tim Christen will serve as the new association'sinaugural vice chairman.The trustees of the IFRS Foundation, which oversees the International AccountingStandards Board, appointed Sue Lloyd vice chair of the board, succeeding IanMackintosh. She has worked at the IFRS Foundation since 2009, and was directorof capital markets and senior director of technical activities before being madea board member in 2014. She has a background in investment banking in the U.K.and Australia, and was previously a member of the Australian AccountingStandards Board.Jim Proppe was elected the next managing partner of Top 15 Firm Plante Moran,starting July 1, 2017. He will succeed Gordon Krater, who will step down aftercompleting two four-year terms. Proppe joined the firm in 1984, and has servedas a group managing partner for the past 12 years.URL: http://www.webcpa.com/