HIGHLIGHT: I had an unyielding week, scolded by Donald Trump at The Times and myconservative family at Thanksgiving.WASHINGTON - First I had to deal with the president-elect scolding.During his interview with The New York Times on Tuesday, Donald Trump chided metwice for being too tough on him.Sitting next to our publisher, Arthur Sulzberger Jr., Trump invited everyonearound the table to call him if they saw anything "where you feel that I'mwrong.""You can call me, Arthur can call me, I would love to hear," he said. "The onlyone who can't call me is Maureen. She treats me too rough."Then I had to go home for Thanksgiving and deal with my family scolding me aboutthe media misreading the country. I went cold turkey to eat hot turkey: notherapy dog, no weaving therapy, no yoga, no acupuncture, no meditation, nocry-in.The minute I saw my sister's Trump champagne and a Cersei figurine as thecenterpiece - my brother, Kevin, nicknamed Hillary "Cersei" during this year'sbrutal game of thrones - I knew I wasn't in a safe space.My little basket of deplorables, as I call my conservative family, gloated withTrump toasts galore, and Kevin presented me with his annual holiday column withan extra flourish.My colleague Paul Krugman tweeted Friday that "affluent, educated suburbanites"who voted for Trump are "fools." What else is there to say, he asked.Well, here is what Kevin, an affluent, educated suburbanite, has to say in hiscolumn, titled an "Election Therapy Guide for Liberals":Donald Trump pulled off one of the greatest political feats in modern history bydefeating Hillary Clinton and the vaunted Clinton machine.The election was a complete repudiation of Barack Obama: his fantasy world ofpolitical correctness, the politicization of the Justice Department and theI.R.S., an out-of-control E.P.A., his neutering of the military, his nonsupportof the police and his fixation on things like transgender bathrooms. Since hebecame president, his party has lost 63 House seats, 10 Senate seats and 14governorships.The country had signaled strongly in the last two midterms that they were nothappy. The Dems' answer was to give them more of the same from a person they didnot like or trust.Preaching - and pandering - with a message of inclusion, the Democrats haveinstead become a party where incivility and bad manners are taken for granted,rudeness is routine, religion is mocked and there is absolutely no respect for adiffering opinion. This did not go down well in the Midwest, where Trump flippedthree blue states and 44 electoral votes.The rudeness reached its peak when Vice President-elect Mike Pence was booed byattendees of "Hamilton" and then pompously lectured by the cast. This may playwell with the New York theater crowd but is considered boorish and unacceptableby those of us taught to respect the office of the president and vice president,if not the occupants.Here is a short primer for the young protesters. If your preferred candidateloses, there is no need for mass hysteria, canceled midterms, safe spaces,crying rooms or group primal screams. You might understand this better if youhad not received participation trophies, undeserved grades to protect yourfeelings or even if you had a proper understanding of civics. The Democrats arenow crying that Hillary had more popular votes. That can be her participationtrophy.If any of my sons had told me they were too distraught over a national electionto take an exam, I would have brought them home the next day, fearful of theinstruction they were receiving. Not one of the top 50 colleges mandate onesemester of Western Civilization. Maybe they should rethink that.Mr. Trump received over 62 million votes, not all of them cast by homophobes,Islamaphobes, racists, sexists, misogynists or any other "ists." I would cautionTrump deniers that all of the crying and whining is not good preparation for thecoming storm. The liberal media, both print and electronic, has lost allcredibility. I am reasonably sure that none of the mainstream print media hadstories prepared for a Trump victory. I watched the networks and cable stationsin their midnight meltdown - embodied by Rachel Maddow explaining to viewersthat they were not having a "terrible, terrible dream" and that they had notdied and "gone to hell."The media's criticism of Trump's high-level picks as "not diverse enough" or"too white and male" - a day before he named two women and offered a cabinetposition to an African-American - magnified this fact.Here is a final word to my Democratic friends. The election is over. There willnot be a do-over. So let me bid farewell to Al Sharpton, Ben Rhodes and theClintons. Note to Cher, Barbra, Amy Schumer and Lena Dunham: Your plane iswaiting. And to Jon Stewart, who talked about moving to another planet: Yourspaceship is waiting. To Bruce Springsteen, Jay Z, Beyoncé and Katy Perry,thanks for the free concerts. And finally, to all the foreign countries thatcontributed to the Clinton Foundation, there will not be a payoff or a rebate.As Eddie Murphy so eloquently stated in the movie "48 Hrs.": "There's a newsheriff in town." And he is going to be here for 1,461 days. Merry Christmas.I invite you to follow me on Twitter (@MaureenDowd) and join me on Facebook.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTopinion),and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.PHOTO: Her game of thrones over, Cersei - as Kevin Dowd nicknamed HillaryClinton - stood guard over the Dowd family Thanksgiving, where Trump champagnealso held court. (PHOTOGRAPH BY KEVIN DOWD)