To the Editor:Re ''12 Steps for Voters in Despair,'' by Nicholas Kristof (column, Nov. 17):In the last two presidential elections, the candidate I voted for lost. I didnot do the following: cry for three days; wear muted colors; decide that theElectoral College system is faulty; take to the streets with a vicious messageon a sign; threaten to move to Canada.Politics is always about power. It's no different this time. The reaction of theaggrieved is nothing more than poor sportsmanship dressed up to look noble. Theybelieve that theirs is a righteous despair, but all that has happened is that acandidate they disliked won, voted in by people they misjudged as theirinferiors and therefore not entitled to select a president.I didn't want either candidate, but I will give Donald Trump a chance becauseHillary Clinton asked us to, because I respect the process and because I havefaith in a government framework intended to disseminate power.MARGARET McGIRRGreenwich, Conn.To the Editor:Re ''Let's Now Hope Trump Succeeds,'' by Nicholas Kristof (column, Nov. 10):Like many, I have serious concerns about the election of Donald Trump to thepresidency. But people with these concerns should calm down and wait to see whathe will do first. Let him earn the outrage, if indeed he does. The signals aremixed at this point that he will become that demagogue the founders so worriedabout.It will not be helpful to the country if those on the left or anyone withserious concerns becomes just as extreme as those on the far right. I agreefully with Mr. Kristof on this point: Let's grit our teeth, give him a chanceand hold him strictly to account.CHRISTOPHER FOLLENUSWindermere, Fla.To the Editor:Nicholas Kristof writes, ''Having lost, we owe it to our nation to grit ourteeth and give President-elect Trump a chance.''Does Mr. Kristof believe that we Americans still need to give Donald Trump achance now that he's appointed Stephen K. Bannon as his top adviser? At whatpoint will we know that we've given Mr. Trump enough of a chance? When the lastof 11 million undocumented immigrants is deported? When women must flee toCanada for abortions?CHRISTOPHER PAVSEKVancouver, British ColumbiaURL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/25/opinion/should-we-give-this-president-elect-a-chance.html