SAN FRANCISCO -- After more than a week of accusations that the spread of fakenews on Facebook may have affected the outcome of the presidential election,Mark Zuckerberg published a detailed post Friday night describing ways thecompany was considering dealing with the problem.Mr. Zuckerberg, Facebook's chairman and chief executive, broadly outlined someof the options he said the company's news feed team was looking into, includingthird-party verification services, better automated detection tools and simplerways for users to flag suspicious content.''The problems here are complex, both technically and philosophically,'' Mr.Zuckerberg wrote. ''We believe in giving people a voice, which means erring onthe side of letting people share what they want whenever possible.''The post was perhaps the most detailed glimpse into Mr. Zuckerberg's thinking onthe issue since Donald J. Trump's defeat of Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8election. Within hours of his victory being declared, Facebook was accused ofaffecting the election's outcome by failing to stop bogus news stories, many ofthem favorable to Mr. Trump, from proliferating on its social network.Executives and employees at all levels of the company have since been debatingits role and responsibilities.Facebook initially tried to play down concerns about the issue, with Mr.Zuckerberg calling the notion that the company swayed the election ''a prettycrazy idea'' at a technology conference on Nov. 10. In a follow-up Facebookpost, he said that less than 1 percent of the news posted to Facebook was false.But questions continued from outside the company, with some complaining that itwas being too dismissive of its capacity to affect public opinion. In a newsconference in Berlin on Thursday, President Obama denounced the spread ofmisinformation on Facebook and other platforms.Mr. Zuckerberg came to no conclusions in his post on Friday, instead providing alist of possible solutions the company was exploring. One option, he said, couldbe attaching warnings to news articles shared on Facebook that have been flaggedas false by reputable third parties or by Facebook users. Another could bemaking it harder for websites to make money from spreading misinformation onFacebook, he said.Mr. Zuckerberg made it clear that Facebook would take care to avoid looking oracting like a media company, a label it has frequently resisted.''We need to be careful not to discourage sharing of opinions or mistakenlyrestricting accurate content,'' Mr. Zuckerberg wrote. ''We do not want to bearbiters of truth ourselves, but instead rely on our community and trusted thirdparties.''URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/20/business/media/facebook-considering-ways-to-combat-fake-news-mark-zuckerberg-says.html