WASHINGTON -- For years, they have lurked in the web's dark corners, maskingthemselves with cartoon images and writing screeds about the demise of whiteculture under ominous pseudonyms. But on Saturday, in the wake of Donald J.Trump's surprising election victory, hundreds of his extremist supportersconverged on the capital to herald a moment of political ascendance that manyhad thought to be far away.In the bowels of the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center,three blocks from the White House, members of the so-called alt-right movementgathered for what they had supposed would be an autopsy to plot their grimfuture under a Clinton administration. Instead, they celebrated the unexpectedmarch of their white nationalist ideas toward the mainstream, portraying Mr.Trump's win as validation that the tide had turned in their fight to preservewhite culture.''It's been an awakening,'' Richard B. Spencer, who is credited with coining theterm alt-right, said at the gathering on Saturday. ''This is what a successfulmovement looks like.''The movement has been critical of politicians of all stripes for promotingdiversity, immigration and perceived political correctness. Its critics call ita rebranded version of the Ku Klux Klan, promoting anti-Semitism, violence andsuppression of minorities.Intellectual leaders of the movement argue that they are merely trying torealize their desire for a white ''ethno-state'' where they can be left alone.Mr. Trump, with his divisive language about immigrants and Muslims, has giventhem hope that these dreams can come true.''I never thought we would get to this point, any point close to mainstreamacceptance or political influence,'' said Matt Forney, 28, of Chicago. ''Theculture is moving more in my direction.''Emboldened by Mr. Trump's takeover of the Republican Party, Mr. Forney said heexpected people openly associated with the white nationalist movement to run ascandidates in the 2018 midterm elections. The rise of populism and the declineof political correctness, he said, present a rare opportunity.Robert Taylor, 29, described the conference as a ''victory party.'' Mr. Taylorwas a committed libertarian, he said, working for Ron Paul's presidentialcampaigns and even moving to New Hampshire for a project organized by thelike-minded. If Hillary Clinton had won the election, he said, he would haveadvocated secession.''I thought I had all the right answers and had read all the right books,'' hesaid. ''I heard about the alt-right movement, and it just lit a fire in me.''Mr. Taylor said that with Mr. Trump, ''we have breathing room; we have a littletime.''Mr. Trump has shrugged off any suggestions that he has connections to thealt-right. But his hard-line views on immigration and his ''America First''foreign policy have captivated members of the movement. His appointment as chiefstrategist of Stephen K. Bannon, who has called Breitbart News, the website helong ran, a platform for the alt-right, has reinforced the notion that theincoming president is on their side.The white nationalist embrace of Mr. Trump was on display Saturday at thegathering, which was the annual conference of a group called the National PolicyInstitute. Guests nibbled on chicken piccata while discussing ways to reorientAmerica's demographics. Many of the attendees, who were mostly white men, worered ''Make America Great Again'' hats. T-shirts emblazoned with Mr. Trump's facesold quickly.While the enthusiasm inside the conference was evident, the resistance to thealt-right remains powerful. A recent surge in hate crimes and reports of verbaland physical assaults on minorities are putting new pressure on groups thatpromote racism.Many sites will not host their events, and some of their members have had theirsocial media accounts suspended in response to vicious trolling of Jewishjournalists and critics of Mr. Trump. A large group of protesters marched aroundthe Ronald Reagan Building, which, as a federal property, could not decline tohost the conference.''These people have their right to freedom of speech, but the values theyrepresent don't represent America,'' said Jon Pattee, 48. ''I characterize themas the shirt-and-tie arm of the white supremacist-nationalist movement.''Republicans who are more mainstream are also unlikely to accept the movement'smore provocative ideas.''They have to grow up and start shedding some of their more controversialelements,'' said Erick Erickson, a conservative blogger and commentator who hasbeen critical of Mr. Trump. ''I don't think they will ever be acceptedwholeheartedly in the Republican Party.''Nonetheless, alt-right leaders said they planned to use their newfound influenceto pressure Mr. Trump to take more ''heretical'' policy positions, such as amoratorium on net immigration for the next 50 years. White Europeans, Mr.Spencer said, would be given preference.''In the long run, people like Bannon and Trump will be open to the clarity ofour ideas,'' said Jared Taylor, the founder of the white nationalist publicationAmerican Renaissance.Like Mr. Trump, Mr. Spencer, who has become the face of the alt-right, deridedNATO as ''clumsy and ineffective.'' He called for friendlier relations with theRussian president, Vladimir V. Putin, and for the deportation of undocumentedimmigrants, drawing chants of ''build that wall.''''I think moving forward the alt-right as an intellectual vanguard can completeTrump,'' Mr. Spencer said. ''We can be the ones who are out front, who arethinking about things that he hasn't grasped yet.''Although alt-right leaders say they want to become more politically active, itremains unclear how they will react to being more closely aligned to theestablishment or what they will do if Mr. Trump starts to moderate his views.His outreach to African-Americans during the final months of the campaignangered some of his white nationalist followers, raising concerns among themthat Mr. Trump might not be so different after all.''It's a fleeting moment of optimism,'' said Al Stankard, 29, of Baltimore, whogoes by the pseudonym Haarlen Venison online and was handing out his novel,''Death to the World.''Mr. Stankard said he thought it was unlikely that Mr. Trump would be able to dothings like end affirmative action, even though he believes that thepresident-elect sympathizes with the plight of ''white racists.'' He predictedthat Mr. Trump might disappoint white nationalists in the same way thatPresident Obama disappointed some of his supporters by failing to bringpostracial unity to the nation.''These are semi-delusional fantasies,'' Mr. Stankard said.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/20/us/politics/white-nationalists-celebrate-an-awakening-after-donald-trumps-victory.html