THERE is a group of 10 friends in Charlotte, N.C., all women, all in their 50s,all white. They're college educated with successful careers, and they have amessage for The New York Times: Come visit us.They voted for Donald Trump and don't consider themselves homophobic, racist oranti-Muslim. But now, they say, thanks to The Times and its fixation on Trump'smost extreme supporters, most people think they are. They would like a chance toshow otherwise, and one of them, Cindy Capwell, wrote my office to extend theinvitation.Since the election, I have been on the phone with many Times readers around thecountry, including Capwell, to discuss their concerns about The Times's coverageof the presidential election. The number of complaints coming into the publiceditor's office is five times the normal level, and the pace has only justrecently tapered off.My colleague Thomas Feyer, who oversees the letters to the editor, says theinflux from readers is one of the largest since Sept. 11. Many people arecommenting on the election, but many are venting about The Times's coverage.Readers are also taking to the comments section of Times articles to talk aboutit, says the community editor, Bassey Etim.Others are calling into customer care at multiple times the usual rate. Theyhave a variety of concerns, including the election coverage. Last week,President-elect Donald J. Trump jumped in, tweeting that The Times had lostthousands of subscribers since the election. The paper quite the opposite is thecase: It reports having the largest one-week subscription increase since thefirst week of the digital pay model, in 2011.I assume that The Times has more accurate data than Trump. But I hope any chestthumping about the impressive subscriber bump won't obscure a hard-eyed look atcoverage. Because from my conversations with readers, and from the emails thathave come into my office, I can tell you there is a searing level ofdissatisfaction out there with many aspects of the coverage.Readers complain heatedly and repeatedly about the forecasting odometer from TheUpshot that was anchored on the home page and predicted that Hillary Clinton hadan 80 percent chance or better of winning. They complain that The Times'sattempt to tap the sentiments of Trump supporters was lacking. And they complainabout the liberal tint The Times applies to its coverage, without awareness thatit does.Few could deny that if Trump's more moderate supporters are feeling bruisedright now, the blame lies partly with their candidate and his penchant forinflammatory rhetoric. But the media is at fault too, for turning his remarksinto a grim caricature that it applied to those who backed him. What struck meis how many liberal voters I spoke with felt so, too. They were Clinton backers,but, they want a news source that fairly covers people across the spectrum.Horst Gudemann of Jackson, Wyo., says he doesn't want to be spoon-fed opinionsthat The Times thinks he should have, and he doesn't want his primary newssource to stereotype half the country as racists. ''We shouldn't judge BlackLives Matters by its most extremist members, and we shouldn't judge Trumpfollowers by theirs,'' Gudemann told me.The national desk of The Times has correspondents around the country, and theyfiled a steady stream of compelling stories from voters between coastal America.And yet between the horse race and the campaign drama, much of their work wassimply drowned out.That left many of the readers I spoke with feeling like The Times was a swirl oflike-mindedness. Gudemann and other readers said The Times's liberalism soundsthe loudest the closer you get to the Opinion section, perhaps not surprisingly.Still, too many of the voices, of both the regular columnists and even guestwriters, are from people with similar views.''I've read The Times for 50 years, and I'm tired of the old guard,'' said JamesHarris, of Great Barrington, Mass. He said he'd welcome some fresher voices.Judy Barlas of Silver Spring, Md., raises a different issue. She supportedBernie Sanders in the primary. But she told me she saw evidence early on thatThe Times believed Clinton would win the nomination and kept pushing thatscenario. It anticipated an outcome, and it stuck with it. ''When Sanders wouldhave a victory, they would cast it in terms of what it meant for Clinton,''Barlas said. ''It was the same approach through the election.'' In her view,editors and reporters developed a story line, and that's the only perspectivethey presented. ''I expect more from The Times,'' she said.The Times's executive editor, Dean Baquet, and its publisher, Arthur SulzbergerJr., sent an extraordinary post-election letter to subscribers that was in partan attempt to assure readers there was some self-reflection going on in thenewsroom about its coverage. It included a vow to ''rededicate ourselves to thefundamental mission of Times journalism. That is to report America and the worldhonestly, without fear or favor, striving always to understand and reflect allpolitical perspectives and life experiences...'' But they also used the occasionto congratulate themselves on their swift, agile and creative coverage onelection night, and they praised their journalism as fair to both candidates andunflinching in its scrutiny.I suspect that gesture soothed some readers, but many others were expecting moreof an apology. And some were repelled by what they described as aself-congratulatory tone and what several viewed as a lack of sincerity.Chavi Eve Karkowsky, an obstetrician in New York City, saw the letter throughthe lens of her own profession. ''In medicine when something goes wrong, we ask:'Where did we get this information? Why? What should we do differently?' Webreak it down to its very basic level,'' she said. Karkowsky would havepreferred a real apology, she said, and some sense that The Times was lookinginward.WHAT struck me most as I spoke with readers is how much, to a person, they hadsomething to say that was smart and reasonable. They weren't randomly selected-- I chose them from an inbox of complaints -- but they had reactions that werewell worth hearing. I found myself wishing someone from the newsroom was on theline with me, especially to hear how many of the more liberal voters wanted morebalanced coverage. Not an echo chamber of liberal intellectualism, but an honestreflection of reality.I also hope someone will pay a visit to Cindy Capwell and her friends in NorthCarolina. They'd welcome a chance to reflect back on The Times's coverage from aliving room full of Trump backers.Capwell and her husband considered canceling their subscription to The Times,but they're holding off for now. ''We'll give The Times a chance,'' she said.''I hope you guys will give people like us a chance too. It's time to lay downour arms.''Follow the public editor on Twitter @spaydl and reach her by email atpublic@nytimes.comURL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/20/public-editor/one-thing-voters-agree-on-better-campaign-coverage-was-needed.html