In Jackson Heights, Queens, days after the presidential election, anIndian-American jeweler was left holding an order of two custom men's gold ringsworth $3,000. The customer told him he could not pay; he had to go back to hishome country before he could be deported.At the furniture store Casa Dominicana on St. Nicholas Avenue in UpperManhattan, the white leather sofas and bedroom sets have not been selling, themanager, Wendy Calderon, said. ''Most people are afraid to go out and shop,''she said. ''They are saving their money if anything crazy happens.''And at the office of Dr. Ismael Bastida, a Mexican-born, New YorkUniversity-trained dentist in Elmhurst, Queens, patients are forgoingteeth-whitening packages and long-term treatment plans. As a result, he orderedfewer syringes and fillings last week from Benco Dental, a family-owned companybased in Luzerne County, Pa., where 58 percent voted for the Republican, Donald.J. Trump.New York City, where a weighty portion of the economy is driven by immigrants,is already starting to feel the effect of Mr. Trump's election, as residents inLatino neighborhoods facing an uncertain future have cut back their spending.Forty-seven percent of the city's work force is made up of immigrants, accordingto the Center for an Urban Future, a nonpartisan group that studies cityfinance.Those most worried are undocumented immigrants, whom Mr. Trump during thecampaign vowed to deport. Some 574,000 city residents are undocumented, and theypay $793 million a year in state and local taxes, according to a studycommissioned by the City Council speaker, Melissa Mark-Viverito, a Democrat.About 10 percent of the city's workers are unauthorized, according to UnitedStates census figures, although an accurate count is hard to determine.It is likewise impossible to separate the underground economy from New York'slarger economy, because the city is home to immigrants of every kind of legalstatus, like day laborers, taxi drivers, kitchen workers in restaurants owned byundocumented immigrants who pay taxes, and college-educated entrepreneurs whohave temporary protection from deportation.If they were to leave the city, either by returning on their own to their homecountries or by government order, ''it could be a massive ripple effect,''Jonathan Bowles, executive director of the Center for an Urban Future, said.''You take away upwards of a half-million undocumented immigrants,'' Mr. Bowlesadded, ''and these are folks that pay taxes, that spend money in theircommunities, that may be employing other New Yorkers. And we could see otherstake flight.''Dr. Bastida had a dire prediction: ''It will be an economic tsunami.''Elizabeth Vilchis, a technology entrepreneur who came to New York as a childfrom Mexico, said, ''Because we're always in the backdrop, people don't realizethe impact we have.''She is able to work legally under a program known as Deferred Action forChildhood Arrivals, created by President Obama by executive action. Mr. Trumphas promised to eliminate it, potentially affecting some 30,000 young people inNew York City and 750,000 across the nation.Mr. Trump's first priority, he has said, would be to deport criminals -- heestimated there were more than two million -- living in the United Statesillegally. He has not said yet how he would force the 11.2 million immigrantswithout criminal records or papers to leave the country.State Senator Jose Peralta, whose Queens district includes Jackson Heights,Elmhurst and Corona -- the center of New York City's business growth in the lastdecade -- said that uncertainty had led to fear-driven decisions, whether it wasto return home or to cut back on luxuries.His constituents, he said, were saying: ''Why not just slow down theexpenditures? Because I don't know if I'm going to need this money to defendmyself.'''That mentality is not prevalent only among low-wage workers. Cris Mercado, thefounder of two start-up ventures, is doing the same. Mr. Mercado came to theUnited States as a child from the Philippines.After losing a scholarship package to New York University because he wasundocumented, he graduated from City College of New York and later started GrantAnswers, a company that helps first-generation Americans secure collegescholarships. Now he is developing KeyJargon, an app that connects job seekerswith professional associations.But his financial clock is ticking, he said. ''I have about two months to reallyramp up the next iteration of my app and also to secure the many independentcontracting opportunities,'' Mr. Mercado said. ''I'm really trying to hoardresources and cash, because I don't know what's next.''Ernesto Cury, a Dominican-born accountant in Jackson Heights, said that sincethe election, several clients had inquired about the tax implications of takingout their profits from restaurants, cleaning services and constructioncompanies. Even if they are not legal permanent residents, Mr. Cury explained,immigrants can be self-employed, form a corporation and then pay taxes using anIndividual Taxpayer Identification Number, because they do not qualify forSocial Security.In Queens, the self-employment rate of foreign-born people is 12 percent,according to the Center for an Urban Future, compared with 6.4 percent of thosewho are native-born.Juan Ospina, a naturalized citizen from Colombia, runs two businesses: MamaEmpanada y Algo Mas on 82nd Street in Jackson Heights, and a contracting companythat recently finished building a nearby hair salon. He says he relies on daylaborers who are undocumented, and cannot imagine what would happen if they werenot available.''I don't believe that Trump will kick out the engine,'' Mr. Ospina said.But many undocumented immigrants are now wondering whether he will. In Bushwick,Brooklyn, curve-enhancing Colombian jeans are staying on the rack at aneighborhood store. Customers from Ecuador have told the Mexican-born owner,Maria de los Santos, that they might need any extra money in the coming year tomove their families.At Patricia Salazar's clothing and catchall store on Roosevelt Avenue off 82ndStreet in Jackson Heights, two customers told her last week that they wereleaving the country. And her longtime hairdresser, who worked at a salon up theblock, said she was going back to Colombia the next day.Ms. Salazar, who immigrated from Bolivia 30 years ago, said she had been asupporter of Mr. Trump because she thought he would be good for business. Butnow, even though her children and grandchildren are United States citizens, sheis thinking of returning home.''I don't want to live with this thing in my heart, because I am scared,'' shesaid.Around the corner from her store, Dr. Bastida and his daughter, AraceliThornton, who manages his practice, were wondering whether they might have tocombine practices with one of the other dental offices that line 82nd Street,all of them catering to the neighborhood's immigrant population.They see how the businesses in the area are interwoven. ''It is a circle,'' Dr.Bastida said. ''One that buys here later eats food from there.''Perhaps the most ubiquitous symbol of New York's immigrant-driven economy is thebicycle-riding food deliverer.Soon after Ms. Vilchis, the entrepreneur, graduated from City College of NewYork with a degree in mechanical engineering, she helped create a start-uptechnology company to optimize food delivery in the Manhattan neighborhoods ofHell's Kitchen and Chelsea.She employed undocumented immigrants to deliver food at $15 an hour -- a jobthat usually pays $7.50, she said. The most frequent orders came from financeprofessionals who had no time to leave their desks, which led Ms. Vilchis toanother conclusion: Time is another currency propelling the city's economy, withlower-paid, often-undocumented workers performing tasks that higher-paidprofessionals are willing to outsource, including the delivery of pad Thai totheir desks.''A lot of people who are successful in the city, it is because there areimmigrants to fill the roles that let them use their time to advance theircareers,'' Ms. Vilchis said. ''If we take that away, the whole thing crashes.''URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/23/nyregion/economic-tsunami-fearing-donald-trump-immigrants-in-new-york-spend-less.html