Mariah Carey takes viewers on a global tour in her new reality series,''Mariah's World.'' Mick Jagger and Keith Richards ponder their pasts, presentsand futures on ''CBS Sunday Morning.'' And ''Ocean Warriors'' looks at crimefighters at sea, with Robert Redford and Paul Allen as executive producers.What's on TVMARIAH'S WORLD 9 p.m. on E! and Bravo. Mariah Carey, that indulgent songstress,gives viewers a backstage pass to her ''Sweet Sweet Fantasy Tour'' in Europe andAfrica, then brings them aboard her yacht. A news release also states that shewill open a window on planning her wedding to the Australian businessman JamesPacker -- but that was before the couple split. However, Ms. Carey's twins fromher marriage to Nick Cannon are expected to appear on the show. The Season 3premiere of ''The Royals,'' starring Elizabeth Hurley as a fictional queenconsort of England, follow at 10 on E!STATE OF THE UNION 9 a.m. on CNN. Kellyanne Conway, a senior adviser toPresident-elect Donald J. Trump, appears here with Robby Mook, a former Clintoncampaign manager; later she's a guest, along with Jill Stein, the Green Partypresidential candidate, on ''Fox News Sunday,'' at 10. Vice President-elect MikePence appears with David H. Petraeus, the retired general and former C.I.A.director who is a contender for secretary of state, on ''This Week,'' at 10 onABC. And Reince Priebus, the incoming White House chief of staff, andRepresentative Nancy Pelosi of California, the House Democratic leader, areguests on  ''Face the Nation,'' at 10:30 on CBS.CBS SUNDAY MORNING 9 a.m. on CBS. Mick Jagger and Keith Richards of the RollingStones talk about their careers, the future of their band and its new album,''Blue & Lonesome,'' a collection of blues covers recorded in just three days.OCEAN WARRIORS 9 p.m. on Animal Planet. Robert Redford and Paul Allen are theexecutive producers of this new series, which follows activists, scientists andjournalists as they battle poachers and organized crime in international waters,where transgressions are seldom punished. The six episodes feature enforcerslike the Swedish boat captain Peter Hammarstedt, as he chases poachers off thecoast of West Africa; the photographer Paul Hilton as he campaigns to save thePacific shark population; and the conservation biologist Mike Markovina, as hefights to save coral reefs from blast fishing in Tanzania. Alas, Mr. Allen andMr. Redford, who wrestled with his own demons on the Indian Ocean in ''All IsLost'' (see it on Amazon and iTunes), don't appear onscreen.WESTWORLD 9 p.m. on HBO. This knotty tale of evolving android self-awarenessgallops toward the corral -- for now. In this Season 1 finale, Ford unveils abold new narrative; Dolores embraces her identity; and Maeve sets in motion herplan to make a break for freedom.THE AFFAIR 10 p.m. on Showtime. After stepping back a year into the lives ofHelen and Alison last week, the show returns to the present, where Juliette(Irène Jacob), the visiting professor who discarded her Paris obligations forsome American adventure, ponders Noah as a romantic prospect. Then somethingterrifying blows her plan to smithereens.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/04/arts/television/whats-on-tv-sunday-mariah-carey-mick-jagger-and-keith-richards-all-appear.html