HIGHLIGHT: Nothing will change, but we'll be reminded that Donald Trump is oneof the least successful successful presidential candidates ever.Presidential recount underway. What's your take on it?- This is a plot to distract the country from the stupendous Election-Day fraudin which millions of dead people cast their votes for Hillary Clinton.- Is it going to get rid of Donald Trump? If it isn't, I don't care. I don'tcare about anything. Excuse me, I'm going back to bed.Wow, happy holidays.Yes, it's true the postelection nation is still divided, this time between thefolks who don't want to believe Trump is going to be president and the ones whodon't want to hear that more people actually voted for Hillary.But about the recount: The star of this show is Jill Stein, the Green Partynominee for president. On Wednesday Stein's lawyers filed paperwork to forceMichigan to recheck its vote tallies. She's also getting a recount in Wisconsinand she's working on Pennsylvania.Since Stein got only 51,463 votes in Michigan to Trump's 2,279,543, this wouldseem like an exercise in ... um, futility? Deeply cynical minds think the realgoal might just be to increase her donor database - her recount campaign hasdrawn more than $6 million. But Stein says she wants to demonstrate the need toreform the nation's extremely messy voting system."It's a healing and positive thing to examine the vote," she said in a phoneinterview.Hillary Clinton lost Michigan by 10,704 under the current count. Virtually noone - certainly not the Clinton lawyers - thinks she's going to make that up ina recount. However, it's definitely possible Clinton could have gotten 10,705votes more if Stein had stayed off the ballot in the first place. "Jill Stein isthe friend who ruins your wedding but really shows up for you during thedivorce," twittered comedian Morgan Murphy.Stein claims most of her supporters wouldn't have voted for anybody if the GreenParty hadn't been an option. But even if she did make a difference, she doesn'tcare. "I don't regard one candidate as preferable to the other," she said.We had heard something similar from Ralph Nader, whose presence on the ballot in2000 probably cost Al Gore Florida, and the presidency. On many of Nader'sissues, Gore was not great. But the point of the American system of democracy isthat in the end, you often have to take the responsibility for choosing thebetter of two unlovely options. And if Gore had been elected, we wouldn't haveinvaded Iraq. Case closed.Knowing what we know now, do you think the best thing the Greens could have doneto battle global warming would have been running around trying to get attentionfor Jill Stein, or working like maniacs to support Clinton and keep Donald Trumpout of the White House?"In my view they're both lethal to the environment," said Stein.In my view, the Green Party screwed up, big time. We will think of it from nowon as the Chartreuse Party.The one positive effect of the recount, besides reassuring people who worry theRussians might be capable of hacking a massive American vote tally, is the wayit reminds the nation, every day, that Donald Trump is one of the leastsuccessful successful presidential candidates in American history.He lost the popular vote to Clinton by more than two million votes. Due to ourextremely strange Electoral College system, five men have gotten electedpresident even though more people voted for their opponent. But no one in modernhistory has come anywhere near Trump's ginormous negative accomplishment.The only presidential victor since the Civil War who did worse was Rutherford B.Hayes, a Republican who lost the popular vote to Samuel Tilden in 1876 and wonthe electoral tally only after Republicans challenged the results in fourstates, all of which were finally decided by a Republican-dominated electoralcommission on party-line votes. Everybody accused everybody else of fraud.It was an election dominated by economic fear and racism. However, Hayes neverclaimed that "millions of people" in the contested states voted illegally, likeanother candidate we can think of. Perhaps Hayes decided winners don't whine.Perhaps it was because there were not yet millions of voters.It's important for our mental health to accept that the current recount isn'tgoing to change the election results, although it's theoretically conceivablethat additional legal challenges could make it impossible for anybody to win thenecessary 270 votes when the Electoral College meets on Dec. 19. That wouldthrow the decision over to the Republican-controlled Congress, and an obscureprocedure that happened once before, when John Quincy Adams defeated AndrewJackson.I'm bringing that up just so I can note that John Quincy Adams is the onlyperson besides Rutherford B. Hayes who won the presidency with a worse negativepercentage of the popular vote than Donald Trump. Big loser! Sad!O.K., done ranting. For today.I invite you to join me on Facebook.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTopinion),and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.