WASHINGTON -- Senator Tim Kaine's second-floor office is much as he left it,with a minifridge full of Virginia-made hummus and an iPod playlist heavy onbluegrass and classic rock. The trademark harmonicas have been holstered, atleast for now, his audience shrinking from a spellbound national electorate to aspirited weekday gathering of the Virginia Chamber of Commerce.And his campaign plane? It was repurposed this past week to deliver the UnitedStates men's soccer team to a match in Costa Rica, with only one lingeringreminder -- an H on the tail -- of the first female presidential nominee for amajor party in American history and the affable dad-jeans, purple-state runningmate who traveled the country making her case.''I like feet on the ground,'' Mr. Kaine said with a smile this past week,suggesting he was not dwelling on the trappings of temporary fame. He boarded anelevator in the basement of the Capitol, nowhere to go but up.Such is Mr. Kaine's view from the great election comedown of 2016: thatquadrennial moment of humility, electoral grieving and reverse culture shock,foisted upon members of the losing ticket as they resume less glamorous publiclives.Secret Service agents are reassigned. Media scrums migrate elsewhere. The juniorsenator from Virginia is, as it turns out, a heartbeat away from very little.Yet as Mr. Kaine and his party seek to regain their bearings after a stunningloss, he has identified at least one task for himself in the interim: taking hisplace, as necessary, in the wall of opposition to President-elect Donald J.Trump.''The Democratic Senate minority is about the only emergency brake there is onthe train right now,'' Mr. Kaine said this past week, adding that the levers ofobstruction must be used ''judiciously.'' ''To avoid a disaster,'' he added.''You use it to avoid something really bad for the country.''Though fellow Democrats, including aides to Hillary Clinton, have long trumpetedMr. Kaine's appeal to multiple constituencies -- given his fluency in Spanish,genial manner and eloquence on matters of faith -- his role in the party'slong-term future is unclear.Progressive activists have emerged from the election with a conviction that newvoices must be elevated. Mr. Kaine, who is up for re-election in 2018, said thathe would not seek the presidency or vice presidency in 2020.Liberal stars like Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Senator BernieSanders of Vermont have delivered stern, rousing addresses about the wayforward. No one is clamoring for a Tim Kaine revolution.But as Senate Democrats gird for bruising policy squabbles and confirmationhearings in a Trump administration, they are expected to look to Mr. Kaine withparticular urgency on foreign affairs. A member of the Foreign Relations andArmed Services committees, from a state with a major military presence, Mr.Kaine has made foreign policy a priority of his first term in the Senate.He has seized especially the issue of war powers, breaking with President Obamaby calling for Congress to provide authorization for military action against theIslamic State. Among his arguments, as he sought to galvanize Democrats: Thereis no telling who might be president down the line.''With Trump's maybe erratic foreign policy, his leadership is more important,''Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio said of Mr. Kaine. ''I mean, we were sad to losehim,'' he added, referring to Mr. Kaine's now-dashed prospects in the executivebranch. ''But we wanted to lose him, obviously.''Mr. Kaine's purpose in recent days has seemed at times more therapeutic thanstrategic. With emotions still raw, he supplied a measure of catharsis fordevastated supporters as he introduced Mrs. Clinton before her concessionspeech.He said what Mrs. Clinton chose not to -- that she had won the popular vote --suggesting that the party's ideals remained resonant despite the outcome. And hechanneled William Faulkner to appraise the collective Democratic psyche.''They killed us,'' Mr. Kaine said, ''but they ain't whooped us yet.''Among losing running mates through the years, soul searching has assumeddifferent forms. After the Republican ticket's defeat in 1976, Hubert H.Humphrey tried to lift the spirits of his despondent friend, Bob Dole, theparty's vice-presidential nominee, with an ice cream outing.After a loss in 1980, former Vice President Walter Mondale went on to beDemocrats' nominee for president in 1984, and lost 49 states to Ronald Reagan.Sarah Palin announced her resignation as Alaska governor eight months after sheand Senator John McCain lost the 2008 election.Mr. Kaine, who has communicated occasionally with Mrs. Clinton since the defeat,is accustomed to jarring transitions. He recalled the day of his successor'sinauguration as governor of Virginia in 2010.''They take you home, and they drop you off and then they drive away,'' he said.''I had the same feeling this time. Shaking hands with everybody was veryemotional, but watching the cars drive away, I had an immense feeling ofrelief.''His most high-profile turn, a debate with Vice President-elect Mike Pence,attracted a smattering of critics, who chafed at his repeated interruptions ofhis opponent onstage.Mostly though, Mr. Kaine cultivated an unpretentious image during the campaign,introducing late-night comedy viewers to his assemblage of harmonicas, whichremain in his briefcase, and urging voters to choose a ''you're hired''president instead of a ''you're fired'' president.He often took the stage with a flurry of less-than-self-consciousgesticulations, like a third-base coach flashing signals, proving proficient atvigorous fist pumps and seemingly indiscriminate crowd-pointing.He once described life as a vice-presidential nominee, playfully, as being''kidnapped.''''The entourage felt cool on occasion,'' he said this past week, ''but it wasnever me. So this is more me.''Senator Benjamin L. Cardin, Democrat of Maryland, said he expected little changefrom the ''energetically engaged, very well-informed'' colleague he had come toknow before the election. Mr. Cardin did express a measure of concern about Mr.Kaine's short-term health.''He's tired,'' Mr. Cardin said. ''He needs to gain a little weight back. Helost too much weight. But he'll get back to his fighting weight.''URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/20/us/politics/tim-kaine-readily-moves-out-of-spotlight-this-is-more-me.html