It is a truism that America has become a more diverse country. It is also abeautiful thing to watch. Visitors from other countries, particularly thosehaving trouble incorporating different ethnic groups and faiths, are amazed thatwe manage to pull it off. Not perfectly, of course, but certainly better thanany European or Asian nation today. It's an extraordinary success story.But how should this diversity shape our politics? The standard liberal answerfor nearly a generation now has been that we should become aware of and''celebrate'' our differences. Which is a splendid principle of moral pedagogy-- but disastrous as a foundation for democratic politics in our ideologicalage. In recent years American liberalism has slipped into a kind of moral panicabout racial, gender and sexual identity that has distorted liberalism's messageand prevented it from becoming a unifying force capable of governing.One of the many lessons of the recent presidential election campaign and itsrepugnant outcome is that the age of identity liberalism must be brought to anend. Hillary Clinton was at her best and most uplifting when she spoke aboutAmerican interests in world affairs and how they relate to our understanding ofdemocracy. But when it came to life at home, she tended on the campaign trail tolose that large vision and slip into the rhetoric of diversity, calling outexplicitly to African-American, Latino, L.G.B.T. and women voters at every stop.This was a strategic mistake. If you are going to mention groups in America, youhad better mention all of them. If you don't, those left out will notice andfeel excluded. Which, as the data show, was exactly what happened with the whiteworking class and those with strong religious convictions. Fully two-thirds ofwhite voters without college degrees voted for Donald Trump, as did over 80percent of white evangelicals.The moral energy surrounding identity has, of course, had many good effects.Affirmative action has reshaped and improved corporate life. Black Lives Matterhas delivered a wake-up call to every American with a conscience. Hollywood'sefforts to normalize homosexuality in our popular culture helped to normalize itin American families and public life.But the fixation on diversity in our schools and in the press has produced ageneration of liberals and progressives narcissistically unaware of conditionsoutside their self-defined groups, and indifferent to the task of reaching outto Americans in every walk of life. At a very young age our children are beingencouraged to talk about their individual identities, even before they havethem. By the time they reach college many assume that diversity discourseexhausts political discourse, and have shockingly little to say about suchperennial questions as class, war, the economy and the common good. In largepart this is because of high school history curriculums, which anachronisticallyproject the identity politics of today back onto the past, creating a distortedpicture of the major forces and individuals that shaped our country. (Theachievements of women's rights movements, for instance, were real and important,but you cannot understand them if you do not first understand the foundingfathers' achievement in establishing a system of government based on theguarantee of rights.)When young people arrive at college they are encouraged to keep this focus onthemselves by student groups, faculty members and also administrators whosefull-time job is to deal with -- and heighten the significance of -- ''diversityissues.'' Fox News and other conservative media outlets make great sport ofmocking the ''campus craziness'' that surrounds such issues, and more often thannot they are right to. Which only plays into the hands of populist demagogueswho want to delegitimize learning in the eyes of those who have never set footon a campus. How to explain to the average voter the supposed moral urgency ofgiving college students the right to choose the designated gender pronouns to beused when addressing them? How not to laugh along with those voters at the storyof a University of Michigan prankster who wrote in ''His Majesty''?This campus-diversity consciousness has over the years filtered into the liberalmedia, and not subtly. Affirmative action for women and minorities at America'snewspapers and broadcasters has been an extraordinary social achievement -- andhas even changed, quite literally, the face of right-wing media, as journalistslike Megyn Kelly and Laura Ingraham have gained prominence. But it also appearsto have encouraged the assumption, especially among younger journalists andeditors, that simply by focusing on identity they have done their jobs.Recently I performed a little experiment during a sabbatical in France: For afull year I read only European publications, not American ones. My thought wasto try seeing the world as European readers did. But it was far more instructiveto return home and realize how the lens of identity has transformed Americanreporting in recent years. How often, for example, the laziest story in Americanjournalism -- about the ''first X to do Y'' -- is told and retold. Fascinationwith the identity drama has even affected foreign reporting, which is indistressingly short supply. However interesting it may be to read, say, aboutthe fate of transgender people in Egypt, it contributes nothing to educatingAmericans about the powerful political and religious currents that willdetermine Egypt's future, and indirectly, our own. No major news outlet inEurope would think of adopting such a focus.But it is at the level of electoral politics that identity liberalism has failedmost spectacularly, as we have just seen. National politics in healthy periodsis not about ''difference,'' it is about commonality. And it will be dominatedby whoever best captures Americans' imaginations about our shared destiny.Ronald Reagan did that very skillfully, whatever one may think of his vision. Sodid Bill Clinton, who took a page from Reagan's playbook. He seized theDemocratic Party away from its identity-conscious wing, concentrated hisenergies on domestic programs that would benefit everyone (like national healthinsurance) and defined America's role in the post-1989 world. By remaining inoffice for two terms, he was then able to accomplish much for different groupsin the Democratic coalition. Identity politics, by contrast, is largelyexpressive, not persuasive. Which is why it never wins elections -- but can losethem.The media's newfound, almost anthropological, interest in the angry white malereveals as much about the state of our liberalism as it does about this muchmaligned, and previously ignored, figure. A convenient liberal interpretation ofthe recent presidential election would have it that Mr. Trump won in large partbecause he managed to transform economic disadvantage into racial rage -- the''whitelash'' thesis. This is convenient because it sanctions a conviction ofmoral superiority and allows liberals to ignore what those voters said weretheir overriding concerns. It also encourages the fantasy that the Republicanright is doomed to demographic extinction in the long run -- which meansliberals have only to wait for the country to fall into their laps. Thesurprisingly high percentage of the Latino vote that went to Mr. Trump shouldremind us that the longer ethnic groups are here in this country, the morepolitically diverse they become.Finally, the whitelash thesis is convenient because it absolves liberals of notrecognizing how their own obsession with diversity has encouraged white, rural,religious Americans to think of themselves as a disadvantaged group whoseidentity is being threatened or ignored. Such people are not actually reactingagainst the reality of our diverse America (they tend, after all, to live inhomogeneous areas of the country). But they are reacting against the omnipresentrhetoric of identity, which is what they mean by ''political correctness.''Liberals should bear in mind that the first identity movement in Americanpolitics was the Ku Klux Klan, which still exists. Those who play the identitygame should be prepared to lose it.We need a post-identity liberalism, and it should draw from the past successesof pre-identity liberalism. Such a liberalism would concentrate on widening itsbase by appealing to Americans as Americans and emphasizing the issues thataffect a vast majority of them. It would speak to the nation as a nation ofcitizens who are in this together and must help one another. As for narrowerissues that are highly charged symbolically and can drive potential allies away,especially those touching on sexuality and religion, such a liberalism wouldwork quietly, sensitively and with a proper sense of scale. (To paraphraseBernie Sanders, America is sick and tired of hearing about liberals' damnbathrooms.)Teachers committed to such a liberalism would refocus attention on their mainpolitical responsibility in a democracy: to form committed citizens aware oftheir system of government and the major forces and events in our history. Apost-identity liberalism would also emphasize that democracy is not only aboutrights; it also confers duties on its citizens, such as the duties to keepinformed and vote. A post-identity liberal press would begin educating itselfabout parts of the country that have been ignored, and about what matters there,especially religion. And it would take seriously its responsibility to educateAmericans about the major forces shaping world politics, especially theirhistorical dimension.Some years ago I was invited to a union convention in Florida to speak on apanel about Franklin D. Roosevelt's famous Four Freedoms speech of 1941. Thehall was full of representatives from local chapters -- men, women, blacks,whites, Latinos. We began by singing the national anthem, and then sat down tolisten to a recording of Roosevelt's speech. As I looked out into the crowd, andsaw the array of different faces, I was struck by how focused they were on whatthey shared. And listening to Roosevelt's stirring voice as he invoked thefreedom of speech, the freedom of worship, the freedom from want and the freedomfrom fear -- freedoms that Roosevelt demanded for ''everyone in the world'' -- Iwas reminded of what the real foundations of modern American liberalism are.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion),and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/20/opinion/sunday/the-end-of-identity-liberalism.html