HIGHLIGHT: Even as others deceive us, we deceive ourselves.Only a few days after the presidential election, the Oxford English Dictionarycrowned its international word of the year: post-truth. The dictionary definedit as "relating to or denoting circumstances in which objective facts are lessinfluential in shaping public opinion than appeals to emotion and personalbelief." To say that the term captured the zeitgeist of 2016 is a lexigraphicalunderstatement. The word, the dictionary's editors explained, had "gone frombeing a peripheral term to being a mainstay in political commentary."Not coincidentally, it was also the year of "fake news," in which pure fictionmasquerading as truth (like posts that claimed Hillary Clinton used a bodydouble and that Pope Francis had endorsed Donald Trump) may have spread wideenough to influence the outcome of the election. Some were certainly deliberatelies spread by right-wing Clinton opponents and all-out profiteers, many incountries outside the United States (and possibly even the Russian government).But framing the issue solely in terms of lying actually underplays andmischaracterizes the grand deception being perpetuated inside the internet's funhouse of mirrors.To better see this, we must distinguish lying from deception. To lie is todeliberately say what you believe to be false with the intention of deceivingyour audience. I can deceive you without lying (silence at a key moment, forexample, can be deceptive). And I can lie to you without deceiving. That may bebecause you are skeptical and don't believe me, but it may also be because whatI say is inadvertently true. Either way, you are lied to but not deceived.That might suggest that deception occurs when someone is actually caused tobelieve what is false. "Deception," as philosophers say, is a "success term."But that's only halfway there. Deception can happen even without false belief.Consider that oldest of cons, the shell game. The con man presents three shells,one of which has a penny underneath. He moves the shells around and asks you topick the shell with the penny. It looks easy, but isn't. Using sleight of hand,he distracts you so that you can't track the right shell and know where thepenny is. But one can lack knowledge without having a false belief. One can besimply confused, and that is typically the case with such tricks. You don't knowwhat to think, and so simply guess. You can be deceived not only by believingwhat is false but by not believing what is true.The use of social media to spread political misinformation online is partly justa giant shell game. Propagandists often don't care whether everyone, or evenmost people, really believe the specific things they are selling (although itturns out that lots of people always do). They don't have to get you to actuallybelieve the penny is under the wrong shell. They just have to get you confusedenough so that you don't know what is true. That's still deception. And it isthis kind of deception that dreadful for-profit conspiracy sites like LibertyWriters News have been particularly adept at spreading.Sure, some percentage of people actually believed the content of such sites (forinstance, that Hillary Clinton was behind the death of a federal agent). But afar greater number of people came away ever so slightly more doubtful of what istrue. They didn't believe Hillary Clinton ordered a hit, but they didn'tdisbelieve it either. It simply became part of the background, one moreunsettled question.It used to be that when someone would say something outrageously false ("themoon landing was faked") it would be ignored by most folks with the reasoningthat "if that was true, I would have heard about it by now." By that, they meant"heard about from creditable, independent sources." Filters (primarily, editors)worked to not only weed out the bad, but to make sure the truly extraordinaryreal news made it to the surface.The internet has made that reasoning moot.Many of us are ensconced in our own information bubbles. Few people reject crazyclaims based on the fact they hadn't heard about them before now, becausechances are they already have heard about them, or something close to them, fromthe sites that tend to confirm their biases. That makes them more susceptible totaking fake news seriously.One reason all this matters is that it perpetuates a feedback loop of deceptionthat is particularly useful to demagogues here and abroad. Deliberate postingsinvented by entrepreneurs are the manure that make the seeds of doubt andcredulity grow. Take the case of Eric Tucker, who tweeted a photo of buses inAustin, Tex., that he thought were being used to bus in marchers protestingDonald Trump's election. His tweet went viral before it could be debunked. Theexample is illustrative: softened up by the more outrageous postings andinnuendo, ordinary citizens can find themselves ignoring obvious alternativeexplanations (as Mr. Tucker admits he did) in order to post and share "news"which fits a set of background suspicions and biases.That in turn gives racist white nationalist and other fringe conspiracy sites -not to mention @realDonaldTrump - more to work with. Their subsequent postssoften more people up, and so it goes. It becomes a cycle where few aredeliberately lying, but deception is spiraling ever outward.A second reason this sort of deception matters is subtler, and concerns ourattitude toward evidence and even truth itself. Faced with so much conflictinginformation, many people are prone to think that everything is biased,everything conflicts, that there is no way to get out of the Library of Babel wefind ourselves in, so why try? As Mr. Tucker put it, "I'm also a very busybusinessman and I don't have time to fact-check everything that I put out there,especially when I don't think it's going out there for wide consumption."This attitude is hardly confined to Mr. Tucker - who among us has not sharedposts without fact-checking them? Unfortunately, that doesn't make it right.Almost everything that we encounter online is being presented to us byfor-profit algorithms, and by us, post by post, tweet by tweet. That fact, evenmore than the spread of fake news, can be its own sort of shell game, one thatwe are pulling on ourselves.As the late-19th-century mathematician W. K. Clifford noted in his famous essay,"The Ethics of Belief," ambivalence about objective evidence is an attitudecorrosive of democracy. Clifford ends the essay by imagining someone who has "notime for the long course of study" that would make him competent to judge manyquestions. Clifford's response is withering: "Then he should have no time tobelieve."And we might add, tweet.Now in print: "The Stone Reader: Modern Philosophy in 133 Arguments," ananthology of essays from The Times's philosophy series, edited by Peter Catapanoand Simon Critchley, published by Liveright Books.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter, and sign upfor the Opinion Today newsletter.Michael P. Lynch, a professor of philosophy at the University of Connecticut, isthe author of the "Internet of Us: Knowing More and Understanding Less in theAge of Big Data." Twitter: @Plural_truth.