HIGHLIGHT: This year's class for the Presidential Medal of Freedom spared noexpense. Two basketball players? Why not?Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. Robert De Niro. Bill and Melinda Gates. Cicely Tyson. EllenDeGeneres. Bruce Springsteen, Diana Ross. The list goes on. It was a lot. Infact, this might be the best class ever to receive the Presidential Medal ofFreedom.Wesley declares it "the single most moving cultural experience I had this year"on the latest episode of Still Processing. He is joined by Alex Pappademas, withwhom he used to co-host a podcast called "Do You Like Prince Movies?" They openby discussing President Obama's Presidential Medal of Freedom awards."It was an embarrassment of riches," Alex says. "It's as if they had a masterlist of who they wanted to give these awards to and then they just gave it toall of them."Wesley agrees: "There is a kind of Noah's Ark aspect to this.""You have Michael Jordan and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar," Alex says. "It was like, 'Wedon't have to make the hard choices here for one person representing one field.We can have two basketball players here. Why not, let's do it.' "But for all the joy of having these superstars gathered in one place, Alex saysthat he was "sort of melancholy about it.""It feels like a last statement, a last cultural statement, from this WhiteHouse, from this administration, from the Obama era," he says. "This is going tobe a very, very different party next year."We also share our feelings on the singer The Weeknd. And Jenna returns, vialong-distance phone call from Mozambique, to tell us what's happening on hertrip.How do I listen? Two waysFrom a desktop or laptop, you can listen by pressing play on the button above.Or if you're on a mobile device, the instructions below will help you find andsubscribe to the series.On your iPhone or iPad:1. Open your podcast app. It's a pre-loaded app called "Podcasts" with a purpleicon. (This link may help.)2. Search for the series. Tap on the "search" magnifying glass icon at thebottom of the screen, type in "Still Processing" and select it from the list ofresults.3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, tap on the "subscribe" button to have newepisodes sent to your phone free. You may want to adjust your notifications tobe alerted when a new episode arrives.4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two beforedeciding to subscribe, tap on the episode title from the list on the seriespage. If you have an internet connection, you'll be able to stream the episode.On your Android phone or tablet:1. Open your podcast app. It's a pre-loaded app called "Play Music" with anorange-and-yellow icon. (This link may help.)2. Search for the series. Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of thescreen, search for "Still Processing" and select it from the list of results.You may have to scroll down to find the "Podcasts" search results.3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, click on the word "subscribe" to have newepisodes sent to your phone free.4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two beforedeciding to subscribe, click on the episode title from the list on the seriespage. If you have an internet connection, you'll be able to stream the episode.Wesley Morris is the critic at large for The New York Times and a staff writerfor The New York Times Magazine. Jenna Wortham is a staff writer for themagazine.