WASHINGTON -- A week after the presidential election, the leaders of theconservative legal movement gathered here for the annual convention of theFederalist Society. The mood was by turns somber and giddy.The meeting had been planned as a memorial to the legacy of Justice AntoninScalia, who died in February. But the surprise election of Donald J. Trumpenergized the affair.Instead of talk of opportunities lost, the hallways of the Mayflower Hotelbuzzed with ambitious plans. There was general satisfaction with the 21candidates on Mr. Trump's list of potential Supreme Court nominees, many of whomwere present.If one of them succeeds Justice Scalia, the Supreme Court will again bedominated by Republican appointees, though Justice Anthony M. Kennedy, amoderating force, will retain the decisive vote in most of the closely dividedcases.Soon, though, given actuarial realities, Justice Kennedy's place at the court'sideological center could disappear. He is 80. One liberal justice, Ruth BaderGinsburg, is 83, and another, Justice Stephen G. Breyer, is 78. Should Mr. Trumpalso name a replacement for any of those three, the conservative legal movementwill have captured the Supreme Court.That reality was lurking in the background when Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. gavethe convention's opening address. Justice Alito is, along with Justice ClarenceThomas, one of the court's two most conservative members. He is also a finelawyer and a savvy strategist, and his talk seemed to set out an agenda for theSupreme Court in the Trump era.''I want you to think about some constitutional fault lines,'' he told anoverflowing ballroom, with people standing four deep in the balcony.''In places in the country where they have those lines,'' he said, ''sometimesthe earth starts to tremor, and people get worried about what's coming.''He focused on the first two amendments in the Bill of Rights, suggesting thatonly conservative resolve could rescue free speech, religious liberty and gunrights from liberal attempts to undermine them.His tone was one of embattlement and occasional grievance, and his remarks werepunctuated by wry and rueful humor. He mixed constitutional principle withcutting comments on the culture wars.Like Mr. Trump, Justice Alito had little patience with perceived politicalcorrectness. Justice Scalia grew up in Queens, in an ethnically diverseneighborhood, Justice Alito said, calling it ''a melting pot.''But, he added, ''I will not say that, because I know that, according to thepowers that be at the University of California's university system, the phrase'melting pot' is a microaggression.''He was being sarcastic, and his larger point was that the American left has lostsight of the value of free speech. He quoted a famous passage from a 1943opinion from Justice Robert H. Jackson: ''If there is any fixed star in ourconstitutional constellation, it is that no official, high or petty, canprescribe what shall be orthodox in politics, nationalism, religion or othermatters of opinion.''That opinion, which struck down a law requiring students to recite the Pledge ofAllegiance, was thought to be a liberal free-speech victory. Things havechanged, Justice Alito said, and he seemed to allude to the motto on the hatsMr. Trump wore on the campaign trail.''On college campuses, both public and private, a new orthodoxy rules,'' JusticeAlito said. ''Suppose that a student were to test Justice Jackson's propositiontoday by wearing an article of attire supporting a political candidate who wasunpopular among the students and professors by proclaiming that the UnitedStates is a great and a good country and by expressing certain traditionalreligious beliefs.''''How would that go over?'' Justice Alito asked.He said something similar was at work in an effort to overturn the CitizensUnited decision -- which allowed unlimited corporate and union spending inelections -- through a constitutional amendment that would allow the regulationof such spending, except for spending by media corporations.''More than 40 senators have proposed an amendment to the First Amendment, whichin itself is an important development,'' Justice Alito said. ''And what wouldthat amendment do? It would have the effect of granting greater free speechrights to an elite group, those who control the media, than to everybody else.''He moved on to another clause of the First Amendment, here invoking Bob Dylan.''Freedom of religion is in even greater danger,'' Justice Alito said. ''I amreminded of a song by the latest recipient of the Nobel Prize for Literature:'It's not dark yet, but it's getting there.'''Justice Alito said that even conservative victories remained in peril. He paidtribute to what he called ''perhaps Justice Scalia's most important majorityopinion,'' District of Columbia v. Heller, which in 2008 interpreted the SecondAmendment to guarantee an individual right to own guns. The vote was 5 to 4.''Heller, as I am sure you know, holds that the Second Amendment actually meanswhat it says,'' Justice Alito said. But he suggested that the right could easilybe undermined.''Justice Breyer's dissent provides a road map for denaturing Heller withoutactually overruling it,'' Justice Alito said. Justice Breyer had proposed abalancing test to decide whether gun control laws passed constitutional muster,one that took account of a right to self-defense on one hand and public safetyon the other.Justice Alito said balancing tests were a dangerous business.''As Nino told us more than once,'' Justice Alito said, referring to JusticeScalia by his nickname, ''if a judge uses a balancing test, then the balancewill almost always come out exactly the way the judge wants it to come out.''At the conclusion of his survey of constitutional fault lines, Justice Alitoreceived a thunderous ovation. His audience, invigorated, streamed into thehallways and got to work.Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and in theMorning Briefing newsletter.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/28/us/politics/supreme-court-trump-samuel-alito.html