HIGHLIGHT: The penalty was levied by New York City's Campaign Finance Board,which said the former congressman violated the rules during his failed mayoralbid in 2013.The news keeps getting worse for Anthony D. Weiner.Mr. Weiner, the disgraced former congressman whose lewd text message exchangeswith a teenager spurred new federal scrutiny of Hillary Clinton's emails in thefinal days of the presidential campaign, was fined $65,000 on Thursday by NewYork City's Campaign Finance Board for violations during his failed bid formayor in 2013.Mr. Weiner's campaign, which raised and spent millions stretching back to the2009 race when he first made a run for mayor, is also required to return itsremaining balance of $195,000, which the board said was unspent public matchingfunds.Among the violations committed by Mr. Weiner's campaign, according to the board:using campaign funds to pay for two cellphones, including the personal phoneused by Mr. Weiner from May to September 2013, the height of his Democraticprimary campaign.It was during that period that new revelations of sexually explicit textmessages and photographs, sent to women after he had left Congress, came tolight and derailed Mr. Weiner's bid for mayor, which had been gaining momentum -partially based on the notion that he had moved beyond his lewd messaging.It was not clear if Mr. Weiner, a Democrat, sent any such messages from eitherof the phones that were paid for with campaign funds.The board, which oversees the city's strict campaign finance system and thepayment of public matching funds, conducts routine audits of all candidatesafter elections. Mr. Weiner received more than $1.6 million in public fundingfor his campaign, which is given to candidates in proportion to the funds theyraise themselves. Only the first $175 from a contributor is matched, at asix-to-one ratio.The board also cited a range of infractions by Mr. Weiner's campaign, includinglate filings, contributions over the city's campaign finance limits, andspending that could not be shown to be related to the campaign. Each violationcarried an individual fine ranging from $200 to $27,724, the latter forpostelection spending that the board said had not been adequately documented.Mr. Weiner's campaign can appeal the fines - which the former congressman mustpay out of his own pocket, or raise money to do so - in court, though it has notyet moved to do so. A spokeswoman for the campaign declined to comment.The fine is the latest blow to Mr. Weiner, whose marriage to Huma Abedin, a topaide to Mrs. Clinton, fell apart after new suggestive messages surfaced inAugust, including one with an image of Mr. Weiner's crotch as he lay next to thecouple's 4-year-old son. He faced harsh criticism from Democrats in Octoberafter revelations that a federal criminal investigation into his textingextended to a computer used by Ms. Abedin that contained emails sent to or fromMrs. Clinton's private email server.The director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, James B. Comey, alertedCongress to the inquiry in the waning days of the presidential campaign beforefollowing up two days before the election to say the information on the computerwarranted no new action against Mrs. Clinton.The city's Campaign Finance Board has still not finished its audits of severalother major 2013 mayoral candidates, including William C. Thompson Jr.,Christine C. Quinn and Mayor Bill de Blasio.But it levied $34,000 in fines in September against another candidate, George T.McDonald, an advocate for the homeless who ran as a Republican, mostly foraccepting over-the-limit contributions. Mr. McDonald railed at the board duringits meeting that month, arguing that the system ensured that only the rich orcareer politicians run for public office."You look at America, nobody votes!" Mr. McDonald said. "I didn't come here tobeg for your mercy, O.K. I came here to give you the facts. I gave you thefacts. You're going to fine us anyway. So what the hell - what are we doinghere?"A minute later, he walked out of the meeting.PHOTO: Anthony Weiner's campaign must also return $195,000. (PHOTOGRAPH BY TODDHEISLER/THE NEW YORK TIMES)Related Articles     ·    Key Moments in the Downfall of Anthony Weiner