HIGHLIGHT: Mr. Fillon, a tradition-minded former prime minister, won the firstround among the Republicans, advancing to face Alain Juppé and knocking outformer President Nicolas Sarkozy.PARIS - A taciturn, tradition-minded former prime minister, François Fillon,emerged as the surprise front-runner in the first round of presidential primaryvoting among center-right candidates in France on Sunday, advancing to thesecond round next week against another former prime minister, Alain Juppé, whocame in second.Mr. Fillon delivered an unexpected knockout to a third candidate, formerPresident Nicolas Sarkozy, whose strident appeals to French identity andget-tough approach to immigrants and Islamist terrorism had been thought toguarantee him a place in the second round of voting, on Nov. 27. Mr. Fillon,whom Mr. Sarkozy appointed as prime minister in 2007, co-opted those themes,using less harsh language, and pushed aside his former boss. With the governingSocialists largely discredited, the winner of the second-round contest in theRepublicans' party primary will be considered the favorite in the presidentialelection next year.With most of the votes counted, Mr. Fillon led with 44.1 percent, Mr. Juppé wassecond with 28.3 percent, and Mr. Sarkozy had 20.9 percent.Mr. Fillon, who was Mr. Sarkozy's prime minister for five years, had languishedin polls for months behind him and the more moderate Mr. Juppé. Frenchcommentators had largely written off Mr. Fillon, pointing out that Mr. Sarkozyappeared to have seduced the party's hard-right voters, who were worried aboutimmigration and Islam, and that Mr. Juppé seemed to appeal to the party's morecentrist voters, seeking a more inclusive approach. A week ago, most wereconfidently predicting a Juppé-Sarkozy runoff.But in the past week, Mr. Fillon advanced in the polls, having positionedhimself between the integrationist message of Mr. Juppé and the tougherpositions of Mr. Sarkozy. On Sunday night, French television commentatorsexpressed astonishment that the longtime favorite, Mr. Juppé, had suddenlybecome a challenger with tough odds.The winner of the second round is likely to face the candidate of France'sfar-right National Front, Marine Le Pen, in the presidential election. OnSunday, Ms. Le Pen boasted that the Republicans' primary had been fought on herthemes: French identity, reconsideration of France's role in Europe, and acrackdown on immigration and jihadists.Those themes are likely to dominate electioneering here. For the next week, Mr.Fillon and Mr. Juppé will be seeking Mr. Sarkozy's voters. Mr. Fillon haspromised to add 16,000 prison cells, create a special antiterrorism judicialunit, crack down harshly on anybody who maintains any relation with the IslamicState, and strip the French citizenship of those who embark on jihad.The themes are a natural fit for Mr. Sarkozy's voters, and as he conceded onSunday night, Mr. Sarkozy said he would vote for Mr. Fillon - a man who hadexpressed disdain for his former patron during the campaign. But the two have asimilar outlook on the world, and in particular a more conciliatory approachthan Mr. Juppé to the Russia led by Vladimir V. Putin. Mr. Fillon has called fora Western coalition with Mr. Putin, the Russian president, to fight ISIS.Still, a large majority of voters said in exit polls on Sunday that economicissues were of uppermost concern, and on that subject, Mr. Fillon could bevulnerable. He has promised harsh measures - in the French context - to rollback the role of the state in the country's economy: cutting 500,000 to 600,000civil service positions, eliminating the 35-hour workweek, and moving to a39-hour workweek in state workplaces like hospitals. These kinds of campaignplanks typically bring tens of thousands of demonstrators into the streets - asMr. Juppé learned at his expense in the mid-1990s - and bring down governments.Mr. Juppé has criticized Mr. Fillon's economic program as far too harsh, andunworkable. He seems certain to hammer that theme in the seven days remaining inthe primary campaign. But the odds may now be against him."Fillon will win," said Gérard Grunberg, a political scientist at the ParisInstitute of Political Studies, who added that a week ago, he would not havepredicted Mr. Fillon's swift rise."Juppé campaigned too far to the left for the French right," Mr. Grunberg said.Referring to Mr. Fillon, he added, "I didn't think it would all crystallizearound his personality."PHOTO: François FillonRelated Articles     ·    An Unlikely Contender Rises in France as the Antithesis of Trump     ·    For Le Pen, the Impossible Now Seems Possible     ·    Nicolas Sarkozy Is Back, but France Has Changed