TBILISI, Georgia -- Jobless and with graduation looming, a computer sciencestudent at the premier university in the nation of Georgia decided early thisyear that money could be made from America's voracious appetite for passionatelypartisan political news. He set up a website, posted gushing stories aboutHillary Clinton and waited for ad sales to soar.''I don't know why, but it did not work,'' said the student, Beqa Latsabidze,22, who was savvy enough to change course when he realized what did drivetraffic: laudatory stories about Donald J. Trump that mixed real -- andcompletely fake -- news in a stew of anti-Clinton fervor.More than 6,000 miles away in Vancouver, a Canadian who runs a satiricalwebsite, John Egan, had made a similar observation. Mr. Egan's site, The BurrardStreet Journal, offers sendups of the news, not fake news, and he is not tryingto fool anyone. But he, too, discovered that writing about Mr. Trump was a''gold mine.'' His traffic soared and his work, notably a story that PresidentObama would move to Canada if Mr. Trump won, was plundered by Mr. Latsabidze andother internet entrepreneurs for their own websites.''It's all Trump,'' Mr. Egan said by telephone. ''People go nuts for it.''With Mr. Obama now warning of the corrosive threat from fake political newscirculated on Facebook and other social media, the pressing question is whoproduces these stories, and how does this overheated, often fabricated newsecosystem work?Some analysts worry that foreign intelligence agencies are meddling in Americanpolitics and using fake news to influence elections. But one window into how themeat in fake sausages gets ground can be found in the buccaneering interneteconomy, where satire produced in Canada can be taken by a recent collegegraduate in the former Soviet republic of Georgia and presented as real news toattract clicks from credulous readers in the United States. Mr. Latsabidze saidhis only incentive was to make money from Google ads by luring people offFacebook pages and onto his websites.To gin up material, Mr. Latsabidze often simply cut and pasted, sometimesmassaging headlines but mostly just copying material from elsewhere, includingMr. Egan's prank story on Mr. Obama. Mr. Egan was not amused to see hissatirical work on Mr. Latsabidze's website and filed a copyright infringementnotice to defend his intellectual property.Yet Mr. Egan conceded a certain professional glee that Mr. Trump is here tostay. ''Now that we've got him for four years,'' he said, ''I can't believeit.''By some estimates, bogus news stories appearing online and on social media hadan even greater reach in the final months of the presidential campaign thanarticles by mainstream news organizations.Soul SearchingSince then, internet giants like Facebook and Google have engaged in soulsearching over their roles in disseminating false news. Google announced that itwould ban websites that host fake news from using its online advertisingservice, while Facebook's chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, outlined some of theoptions his company was considering, including simpler ways for users to flagsuspicious content.In Tbilisi, the two-room rented apartment Mr. Latsabidze shares with his youngerbrother is an unlikely offshore outpost of America's fake news industry. The twobrothers, both computer experts, get help from a third young Georgian, anarchitect.They say they have no keen interest in politics themselves and initially placedbets across the American political spectrum and experimented with show businessnews, too. They set up a pro-Clinton website, walkwithher.com, a Facebook pagecheering Bernie Sanders and a web digest of straightforward political newsplagiarized from The New York Times and other mainstream news media.But those sites, among the more than a dozen registered by Mr. Latsabidze, werebusts. Then he shifted all his energy to Mr. Trump. His flagship pro-Trumpwebsite, departed.co, gained remarkable traction in a crowded field in theprelude to the Nov. 8 election thanks to steady menu of relentlessly pro-Trumpand anti-Clinton stories. (On Wednesday, a few hours after The New York Timesmet with Mr. Latsabidze to ask him about his activities, the site vanished alongwith his Facebook page.)''My audience likes Trump,'' he said. ''I don't want to write bad things aboutTrump. If I write fake stories about Trump, I lose my audience.''Some of his Trump stories are true, some are highly slanted and others aretotally false, like one this summer reporting that ''the Mexican governmentannounced they will close their borders to Americans in the event that DonaldTrump is elected President of the United States.'' Data compiled by Buzzfeedshowed that the story was the third most-trafficked fake story on Facebook fromMay to July.So successful was the formula that others in Georgia and other faraway landsjoined in, too, including Nika Kurdadze, a college acquaintance of Mr.Latsabidze's who set up his own pro-Trump site, newsbreakshere.com. Its recentofferings included a fake report headlined: ''Stop it Liberals...Hillary Lostthe Popular Vote by Several Million. Here's Why.'' That story, like most of Mr.Latsabidze's work, was pilfered from the web.Mr. Latsabidze initially ran into no problems from all his cutting and pastingof other people's stories, and he even got ripped off himself when a rival inIndia hijacked a pro-Trump Facebook page he had set up to drive traffic to hiswebsites. (He said that the Indian rival had offered $10,000 to buy the page,but that he had reneged on payment after being provided with access rights andcommandeered it for himself.)Then the notice arrived from Mr. Egan in Canada, which prompted the company thathosts Mr. Latsabidze's websites, including departed.co, to shut them down fortwo days until he removed the offending story.''It was really bad for me,'' Mr. Latsabidze recalled. ''Traffic dropped and Ihad to start everything all over again.''Mr. Egan, for his part, said he did not like others making money unfairly offhis labor. And he estimated that ''probably half'' the readers of his storiesbelieve they are true because of the widespread theft by other websites.''A lot of that was conservative readers who see it picked up on other sites andbelieve it,'' Mr. Egan said. ''In many cases, they haven't actually read it,they're just reacting to a headline.''Form of InfotainmentMr. Latsabidze said he was amazed that anyone could mistake many of the articleshe posts for real news, insisting they are simply a form of infotainment thatshould not be taken too seriously.''I don't call it fake news; I call it satire,'' he said. He avoids sex andviolence because they violate Facebook rules, he said, but he sees nothing wrongotherwise with providing readers with what they want.''Nobody really believes that Mexico is going to close its border,'' he said,sipping coffee this week in a McDonald's in downtown Tbilisi. ''This is crazy.''All the same, the Mexico-closing-its-border story proved so popular after itappeared on his site that he hunted around on the web for other articles on thesame theme. He found a tall tale about Mexico planning to call back its citizensfrom the United States if Mr. Trump won. This, too, generated huge traffic,though not quite as much as the first one, which Mr. Latsabidze described as ''areally great story.''He insisted he has nothing against Mexicans or Muslims, whose exclusion from theUnited States is requested by an online petition that often appears on hiswebsites and who are invariably presented in a negative light in the stories heposts.''I am not against Muslims,'' he said. ''I just saw that there was interest.They are in the news.'' Nor, he added, is he particularly against Mrs. Clinton,though he personally prefers Mr. Trump.If his pro-Clinton site had taken off, he said, he would have pressed on withthat, but ''people did not engage,'' so he focused on serving pro-Trumpsupporters instead. They, he quickly realized, were a far more receptiveaudience ''because they are angry'' and eager to read outrageous tales.''For me, this is all about income, nothing more,'' he added.The income comes mostly from Google, which pays a few cents each time a readersees or clicks on advertisements embedded in one of Mr. Latsabidze's websites.His best month, which coincided with the hit bogus story about Mexico closingthe border, brought in around $6,000, though monthly revenue is usually muchlower.Mr. Obama, speaking in Berlin last week, assailed the spread of phony news onFacebook and other platforms, warning that ''if we are not serious about factsand what's true and what's not'' and ''if we can't discriminate between seriousarguments and propaganda, then we have problems.''While Facebook does not directly provide Mr. Latsabidze any revenue, it plays acentral role in driving traffic to his websites. He initially establishedseveral fake Facebook pages intended to steer traffic to his websites, includingone supposedly set up by a beautiful woman named Valkiara Beka. This woman, heacknowledged, does not really exist. ''She is me,'' he said.He discovered, however, that such pages were ineffective compared withlegitimate Facebook pages from real people, particularly Trump supporters,because they have so much energy and love promoting stories they like.Departed.co -- named after Mr. Latsabidze's favorite movie, ''The Departed,''and recently redirected to usatodaycom.com -- published dozens of stories daily,many of them similar to one posted on Nov. 17 with the headline, ''This IsHuuge! International Arrest Warrant Issued By Putin For George Soros!'' Thestory was not true and had already been published on scores of other fake newssites around the web.Then there are the stories that have a grain of truth, along with big dollops ofexaggeration and extrapolation, like ''Dying Hillary Says She Just Wants To CurlUp And Never Leave Her House Again After Defeat.'' Mrs. Clinton did say the dayafter her election defeat that she just wanted to curl up with a book. But shewas not, as far as anyone knows, dying.Kremlin SuspicionsIn the prelude to the election, bogus reports about Mrs. Clinton's health andhighly favorable ones about Mr. Trump were promoted with gusto by Russianstate-controlled news media outlets and legions of pro-Russian internetagitators. This has stirred suspicions that the Kremlin has had a hand in thefake news industry, prompting American researchers to assert in recent studiesthat the online blurring of the boundary between truth and falsehood is in partthe result of Russian manipulation.But Mr. Latsabidze and others here say they serve only their bank balances, notRussia or anything else.He insisted that his team operated entirely on its own and that it did not wantor need outside help. He said that it took him just two hours to set up a basicwebsite and that anyone with a modicum of computer savvy could quickly starthawking news -- real or fake -- online.''I did not invent anything,'' he said. ''It has all been done before.''Mr. Latsabidze, who apparently has broken no laws, said that any crackdown onfake news might work in the short term but that ''something else will come alongto replace it.''''If they want to, they can control everything,'' he said, ''but this will stopfreedom of speech.''For now, the postelection period has been bad for business, with a sharp fall inthe appetite for incendiary political news favoring Mr. Trump. Traffic todeparted.co and affiliated websites has plunged in recent weeks by at least 50percent, Mr. Latsabidze said.''If Hillary had won, it would be better for us,'' he said. ''I could writeabout the bad things she was going to do,'' he said. ''I did not write to makeTrump win. I just wanted to get viewers and make some money.''In the months since he got into the fake news business, Mr. Latsabidze haslanded a day job as a programmer with a software company, which he sees as abetter future. ''This is more stable work,'' he said.But he seemed reluctant to quit altogether.''Are there any elections coming up in the U.K.?'' Mr. Latsabidze asked.He was disappointed to hear that none were scheduled soon. But, advised thatFrance will hold a hotly contested presidential election next April featuring aTrump-like candidate in the form of Marine Le Pen, a far-right populist, heperked up.''Maybe I should learn some French,'' he said.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/25/world/europe/fake-news-donald-trump-hillary-clinton-georgia.html