At Thanksgiving, many of us will be subject to -- or subjecting our hosts to --a wide range of opinions about the 2016 election.But some aspects of it are rooted in fact -- not open to interpretation (Sorry,Uncle Bill). Below, we present a compendium of sorts about the election, to helpguide you in your discussions. Some of these may seem basic, but they are by nomeans obvious to everyone. Don't let them get in the way of a good holidayargument.Hillary Clinton definitely won the popular vote, and that lead is only going togrow.The New York Times called the election for Donald J. Trump at about 2:40 a.m. onNov. 9. At that time, he had about 57.2 million votes, almost a million morethan Hillary Clinton. Even before then, the signs pointed to her edge in thenational popular vote.Most of the votes that remain uncounted are in heavily Democratic places likeCalifornia. Even roughly two weeks later, the state estimated that it had abouttwo million ballots yet to be counted, including about 760,000 in Los AngelesCounty, where voters have preferred Mrs. Clinton by around 50 percentage points.As the votes have trickled in, the popular vote has tilted toward Mrs. Clinton.As of Wednesday morning, that lead surpassed two million votes, or 1.5percentage points better than Mr. Trump. (Our time-stamped estimates arecourtesy of Dave Wasserman's excellent popular vote tracker.) This lead is stillgrowing, but it's already a larger margin than in popular vote victories by AlGore in 2000, Richard Nixon in 1968 and John F. Kennedy in 1960.Turnout in the 2016 election was not low. It is about the same as it was in 2012and comparable to most 20th-century presidential elections.Turnout is simple to calculate: Take the total number of votes cast and divideit by the total number of adults who are eligible to vote, and presto, you havea turnout rate!When the race was called, this math problem yielded a rate that was, indeed,historically low. It was also wrong, for the same reason Mrs. Clinton trailed inthe popular vote at that time: Not all the ballots had been counted.Because the denominator in this math problem -- the number of voting-eligibleadults on Election Day -- does not change, the turnout rate goes up every timeballots are counted. As they have come in, the turnout rate has risen to about57.7 percent. Michael McDonald at the United States Elections Project estimatesthat it will ultimately be closer to 58.4 percent, a bit lower than it was in2012 and roughly comparable to most presidential elections in the last 100years.Yes, the polls were off, but not in extraordinary ways.Mrs. Clinton held a modest but steady lead in nearly every national poll formonths, and led most state polls in Florida, North Carolina, Pennsylvania,Michigan and Wisconsin. Yet she lost in each of these states.So how wrong were the polls? On average, by about 3.4 percentage points in theclosest states. That's higher than in any election in decades, but comparable topolling misses in 1988 and 1992.The 2016 polling miss feels much larger because the places where Mrs. Clintonfared worse than polls suggested were concentrated in a few battleground states.The places where she fared better than expected were in big liberal states,where she had almost no chance of losing. Nationally, these effects nearlycanceled out, which is why her national polling lead before the election --three to four points -- ended up being close to the result (which, again, isabout a 1.5-point lead and is expected to grow as more votes come in).Third-party candidates, like Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, may have cost Mrs.Clinton Michigan, but they almost certainly did not cost her the presidency.The total vote tally says about 4 percent of all voters, about 5.8 millionpeople, voted for Mr. Johnson (3.3 percent) or Ms. Stein (1 percent). In fourbattleground states that Mrs. Clinton lost -- Florida, Pennsylvania, Wisconsinand Michigan -- the votes for these third-party candidates exceeded Mr. Trump'smargin of victory. If those states had flipped, Mrs. Clinton would be president.Are third-party voters responsible for the Trump presidency?Almost certainly not.With the exception of Michigan, third-party voters would have had tooverwhelmingly favor Mrs. Clinton to flip the state. That notion also rests on asignificant number of third-party voters coming to the polls, but many of themtold pollsters that they would have stayed home if they could not have voted fortheir third-party candidate.If we look at Mr. Trump's margin of victory in these four states and the numberof votes cast for Mr. Johnson or Ms. Stein, we're left with a simple mathproblem: If those candidates did not exist, what share of those votes would Mrs.Clinton have needed to pick up to overtake Mr. Trump's vote lead? The answer: asubstantial share.Might these voters really have preferred Mrs. Clinton to Mr. Trump to thisdegree and showed up to the polls at higher rates than they told pollsters theywould? It's possible. But for that vote to be decisive, Pennsylvania or Floridaand at least one other state would have had to flip. The evidence we havesuggests such an outcome would have been highly unlikely; if anything, theJohnson vote could have easily leaned toward Mr. Trump.Exit polls are useful, but don't give them too much credence.As my colleague Nate Cohn has written, exit polls are helpful, but using them tocome to conclusions about the precise composition of the electorate is risky --and frequently wrong. In 2012, they painted a picture of the electorate that wasyounger and more diverse than it really was.Many important questions remain about precisely who voted, and why. Did poorDemocratic turnout doom Mrs. Clinton, or were swing voters the key to Mr.Trump's win? Did Mr. Trump really do better among Hispanic voters than MittRomney? Further analysis of the voter files -- which show who voted and whodidn't -- will provide more clarity in the months ahead. Exit polls alone arenot a definitive way to answer these questions.But a few things, as we've tried to explain, should be beyond debate, as shouldthe idea that Thanksgiving dinner ought to include at least some time notdevoted to politics.The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy andeveryday life. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Sign up for our newsletter.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/23/upshot/election-facts-to-keep-handy-for-thanksgiving-dinner-discussion.html