HIGHLIGHT: As critics decried incentives for Carrier in exchange for keepingworkers in Indiana, and others called the effort a new path to economic growth,the company announced other cuts.INDIANAPOLIS - The long-promised call from Donald J. Trump to the heating andcooling giant Carrier came early one morning about a week after the election,when he unexpectedly won the industrial heartland.The president-elect warned Gregory Hayes, the chief executive of Carrier'sparent, United Technologies, that he had to find a way to save a substantialshare of the jobs it had vowed to move to Mexico, or he would face the wrath ofthe incoming administration.On Thursday, as he toured the factory floor here to take credit for savingroughly half of the 2,000 jobs Indiana stood to lose, Mr. Trump sent a messageto other businesses as well that he intended to follow through on his pledges toimpose stiff tariffs on imports from companies that move production overseas andship their products back to the United States."This is the way it's going to be," Mr. Trump said in an interview with The NewYork Times. "Corporate America is going to have to understand that we have totake care of our workers also."Mr. Trump was accompanied by his vice president-elect, Mike Pence, who iscurrently Indiana's governor. He was in the room at Trump Tower when thepresident-elect placed his initial call to Mr. Hayes, and he was the one whosealed the deal with the chief executive with a handshake in the building onMonday."I don't want them moving out of the country without consequences," Mr. Trumpsaid, even if that means angering the free-market-oriented Republicans he beatin the primaries but will have to work with on Capitol Hill."The free market has been sorting it out and America's been losing," Mr. Penceadded, as Mr. Trump interjected, "Every time, every time."But since the pact was disclosed on Tuesday, critics have pounced on Carrier'sreceipt of $7 million in incentives from the state of Indiana - just the kind ofcorporate giveaways Mr. Trump knocked as he slammed Carrier on the campaigntrail last spring.Others have pointed out that cutting individual deals with different companiesis a costly and ineffective way to stem the powerful forces that impel businessto move factories and jobs in a highly competitive global and national economy."He has signaled to every corporation in America that they can threaten tooffshore jobs in exchange for business-friendly tax benefits and incentives,"Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont wrote in an op-ed on Thursday for TheWashington Post.In Washington, Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, suggested thatCarrier's decision, while "good news," was only a drop in the bucket."Mr. Trump would have to make 804 more announcements just like that to equal thestandard of jobs in the manufacturing sector that were created in this countryunder President Obama's watch," Mr. Earnest said. "So this is good news, but theincoming president has a high bar to meet when it comes to putting in place thekind of economic policies that would benefit American workers."Still, Mr. Trump's appeal is likely to lead to a more fundamental shift in theway Washington approachesdealing with corporate decisions on where to locatejobs."Contrary to early reactions from the left and the right, the Carrier deal opensthe door to a new approach to U.S. economic growth policy that is sorelyneeded," the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation, a research andadvocacy group, said in a statement. "It sets the precedent that growing,attracting and retaining globally traded, innovation-based industries that areboth high-value and pay high wages is central to U.S. economic growth."Despite the cheers Mr. Trump received as he walked around the factory floor,where the lines continued to run and he had to shout at times to be heard,another 1,000 workers for the company in Indiana will be losing their jobs.This includes 700 at a United Technologies factory in nearby Huntington, as wellas several hundred here. The 800 or so jobs that are being preserved are mostlyon the lines that build medium- and high-efficiency gas furnaces.Not long after Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence departed for the airport and to anotherrally in Ohio to celebrate his victory, workers coming in for the night shiftreceived a letter titled "Company Update on Indianapolis Operations.""While this announcement is good news for many, we recognize it is not good newsfor everyone," the letter stated. "We are moving forward with previouslyannounced plans to relocate the fan coil manufacturing lines, with the expectedcompletion by the end of 2017."United Technologies, Carrier's parent, saw the writing on the wall as soon asMr. Trump declared victory last month. Offering to preserve jobs, even at thecost of some of the $65 million savings the company expected from the move,could serve its larger corporate interests."Every penny counts, but if we step back and I'm looking at earnings of $6.60per share this year, 2 cents is an easy concession if the president-electlistens to some of the company's bigger concerns," said Howard Rubel, a seniorequity analyst with Jefferies, an investment banking firm in New York.And Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence, while providing a carrot through the stateincentives and promises of future business tax cuts, held an implicit stick: thethreat of pulling federal contracts from Carrier's parent, United Technologies.Mr. Trump and his team were well aware that the amount United Technologies stoodto lose in those contracts dwarfed the savings from moving some of itsoperations to Monterrey from Indiana.Despite only accomplishing half of what had been promised in the campaign, Mr.Trump and Mr. Pence predicted that the number of jobs ultimately preserved couldrise as Carrier follows through on its promise to invest more than $16 millionin the state.That provision, plus the incentives, were worked out between Carrier andofficials from the state of Indiana's economic development office, with Mr.Pence overseeing the process.The vice president-elect insisted that the incentives did not represent agiveaway on Mr. Trump's part, and claimed United Technologies had turned down asimilar-size package of breaks in March.What made the difference, he said, was Mr. Trump's public pressure, as well hispromise to cut corporate taxes and ease regulation."These jobs were gone," Mr. Pence said. "I sat the executives down in mygovernor's office in the statehouse in early March. They said we aren't in aposition to reconsider this in any way, shape or form."Mr. Trump, too, played down the role of the incentives. And he said he did notdirectly raise the $5 billion to $6 billion in federal contracts UnitedTechnologies receives, much of it from the Pentagon.But company officials are acutely aware that its Pratt & Whitney unit, amongother things, supplies jet engines to the Air Force's most advanced fighter andmany other planes, making it much more vulnerable to political pressure thanother, lesser-known manufacturers that have been steadily closing shop in theMidwest and moving production south of the border."It may have a played a role in their equation," Mr. Trump allowed. "I nevermentioned it. I didn't feel I had to."What about the fact that Mr. Trump frequently sourced products for hisproperties overseas, along with some popular Trump-branded merchandise? Will helead by example and buy more goods made in the U.S.A.?"I buy thousands and thousands of TVs," he said. "I would like to, but theyessentially don't make them in the U.S. You know the hats I do? It took usforever to find a company that can make a hat in the U.S."PHOTOS: Donald J. Trump visited workers at a Carrier factory in Indianapolisafter persuading the company to cut fewer jobs. (PHOTOGRAPH BY DOUG MILLS/THENEW YORK TIMES) (A1); Employees at a Carrier plant in Indianapolis during DonaldJ. Trump's visit on Thursday. (PHOTOGRAPH BY A J MAST FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)(A17)Related Articles     ·    Trump Saved Jobs at Carrier, but More Midwest Jobs Are in Jeopardy     ·    Trump to Announce Carrier Plant Will Keep Jobs in U.S.