HIGHLIGHT: The rapper was taken to U.C.L.A. Medical Center for evaluation; lastweek he performed two bizarre concerts that included lengthy tirades.The rapper Kanye West was hospitalized on Monday in Los Angeles for exhaustion,hours after he canceled the remainder of his 2016 tour, his representative said.The Los Angeles Police Department said that it had responded to a call in theWest Hollywood area at 1:20 p.m., but that the encounter became a "medicalemergency" and was handed off to the Los Angeles Fire Department. In a recordingof the Fire Department's dispatch call obtained by TMZ, the matter was referredto as a "psychiatric emergency."Mr. West's representative, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discusssensitive matters, said the call had come from the rapper's doctor and that hewas taken willingly to the U.C.L.A. Medical Center for evaluation. The episodewas first reported by NBC News.The cancellation of Mr. West's "Saint Pablo" tour, which was scheduled to runthrough the end of the year, came after a turbulent few days for the rapper.Onstage in Sacramento on Saturday night, Mr. West delivered a long, meanderingspeech, criticizing friends and associates in the music industry, including JayZ and Beyoncé, as he praised the communication style of President-elect DonaldJ. Trump. He then ended the concert after only a few songs. His show the nextnight in Los Angeles was canceled just hours before he was set to perform.Two nights before the Sacramento show, Mr. West left some fans dismayed andconfused at a concert in San Jose, Calif., after he said he would have supportedMr. Trump, a Republican, if he had voted in the presidential election. "What doyou really believe?" he asked the crowd repeatedly."I am putting my career, my life, my public well-standing at risk when I talk toy'all like this," Mr. West said in a similar speech on Saturday. "I've beensitting here to give y'all my truth even at the risk of my own life. Even at therisk of my own success, my own career. I've been sitting here to give y'all thetruth."As news of the tour cancellation and Mr. West's hospitalization spread, therapper's friends and collaborators took to social media with messages ofsupport. "He's obviously going thru a tough time," Terrence Henderson, the rapexecutive known as Punch, wrote. "Maybe things u don't know about. When it hitthe fan are you still a fan?"The producer and record executive 9th Wonder added: "Been knowing the brotherupwards of 13 years. Mental healing is a serious thing, no matter what. Staystrong Kanye West."Chance the Rapper, in a BBC Radio appearance on Tuesday morning, also addressedthe situation, calling Mr. West a "big brother" figure. "I want to just extendthis prayer and extend this love from all the way in Britain," he said. "Wemight come back early to come see this man."Mr. West has been especially prolific this year. In addition to releasing a newalbum, "The Life of Pablo," in February, he has presented two fashioncollections and performed more than 30 shows during the initial North Americanleg of the tour, which ran from August through October.Last month, Mr. West dramatically cut short a festival appearance in New Yorkwhen he learned on stage that his wife, Kim Kardashian West, had been tied upand robbed at gunpoint in a Paris apartment. She has since receded from thespotlight, but had been scheduled to make her first public appearance in morethan a month on Monday night at a charity gala in New York.Instead, following news of Mr. West's hospitalization, Ms. Kardashian West wasphotographed returning by plane to Los Angeles.Related Articles     ·    Kanye West Cancels the Rest of His 'Saint Pablo' Tour     ·    Kanye West Calls Out Beyoncé and Praises Trump in Onstage Tirade     ·    Review: Kanye West, Both Close and Out of Reach at His Tour Opener