HIGHLIGHT: Working-class whites delivered three Rust Belt states to thepresident-elect.For the nation's labor unions, the day after Election Day was going to be avictory lap. They planned to boast to the world that their vauntedget-out-the-vote operation had delivered the White House to Hillary Clinton bywinning three crucial Rust Belt states for her: Michigan, Pennsylvania andWisconsin. But the unions, to their shock and horror, failed to deliver thosestates - or victory - to Mrs. Clinton.Now union leaders face a huge, embarrassing question: Why, after unions spentmore than $100 million to defeat Donald J. Trump, did Mrs. Clinton win onlynarrowly among voters from union households, 51 percent to 43 percent, accordingto exit polls? In a further indication that union leaders were not on the samewavelength as the working-class whites who tipped the election to Mr. Trump,Mrs. Clinton lost among union households in Ohio, 49 percent to 44 percent."We underestimated the amount of anger and frustration among working people andespecially white workers, both male and female, about their economic status,"said Lee Saunders, president of the American Federation of State, County andMunicipal Employees and chairman of the A.F.L.-C.I.O.'s political committee.Like many inside the Washington Beltway, union leaders generally thought thingsweren't so bad - the unemployment rate has dropped to 4.9 percent, and medianhousehold income jumped by a record 5.2 percent last year. But many unionofficials didn't adequately hear the anger and pain felt by many working-classwhites: that they were stuck economically, that Washington wasn't addressingtheir problems, like disappearing factories and good jobs.One official with the United Steelworkers said his Pittsburgh-based union hadurged members to back Mrs. Clinton, but many preferred Mr. Trump, largelybecause of his tough talk on trade with Mexico and China. Many lapped up hispromises to bring back manufacturing jobs, hinting at a return (an improbableone) to the 1950s and '60s, when manufacturing boomed and unions were mighty.(Mr. Trump's G.O.P. allies are spoiling, however, to further hobble laborunions, which are far weaker than in the '60s.)Many steelworkers, the official explained, disliked Mrs. Clinton because of herties to Wall Street, because her husband had championed Nafta and because shehad supported the Trans-Pacific Partnership before coming out against the tradepact during the campaign.Leo Gerard, the steelworkers' president, sent a letter to his union's 600,000members, acknowledging that its ranks "were divided this election season." Whilethe economy has grown, he wrote, "the growth has failed to stimulate themanufacturing sector because of our nation's failed trade policies." Maintainingthat Mr. Trump had appropriated his union's message, he wrote, "Trump used ourown words to speak to these problems, and to the real suffering, fears andanxieties that so many feel."Most labor leaders viewed Mr. Trump far more harshly than his union backers did;they often attacked him as a con artist and a threat to unions and workers. Mrs.Clinton would have prevailed had she adopted a more muscular pro-worker message,union leaders lament, more like Bernie Sanders's message attacking trade dealsand inequality.With Mr. Trump's victory and with Republicans now controlling both houses ofCongress, unions are expecting a series of stinging blows. Even as Mr. Trumptalks of spending $1 trillion to improve infrastructure, many Republicans areeager to repeal an 85-year-old law requiring that contractors pay union-levelwages on federal projects. Congressional Republicans are likely to take upnationwide "right-to-work" legislation, which would sap union treasuries bybarring any requirement that workers pay union dues or fees. And even if SenateDemocrats manage to block such a law, Republican gains in Kentucky and Missourimean those states are likely to enact their own right-to-work laws.Mr. Trump will most likely scrap most of Mr. Obama's executive orders on labor,including ones requiring federal contractors to disclose labor law violations,provide paid sick leave and pay a $10.10 minimum wage. He may also erase aregulation that lets four million additional workers qualify for overtime pay.(Last Tuesday, a federal judge in Texas suspended that regulation.) And theNational Labor Relations Board under Mr. Trump will no doubt overturn numerousunion-friendly moves by the Obama board, among them ones speeding upunionization elections and giving graduate research and teaching assistants atprivate universities the right to unionize.Whoever Mr. Trump names to the Supreme Court to fill Antonin Scalia's seat willhelp to re-establish a conservative majority, boding ill for labor. In a closelywatched case, a California public-school teacher asked the court to rule thatany requirement that she pay union fees violated her First Amendment freedom ofspeech. Last March, the court deadlocked, 4-4, in that case, but with a Trumpappointee the court will probably rule that government employees can't berequired to pay any fees to support the union that represents them. That wouldbe a sharp blow to the nation's public-employee unions and their treasuries.Just 11.1 percent of American workers belong to unions, half the level whenRonald Reagan became president and down from 35 percent in the 1950s. However,businesses and Republicans remain wary of labor's power. "Unions are a smallminority of the work force, but they still have a strong war chest that can beused for political purposes," said Randel K. Johnson, a senior vice president atthe United States Chamber of Commerce.Yet with each new step weakening unions, organized labor will become less ofwhat John Kenneth Galbraith called a "countervailing power" to balance corporatemight. Labor won't be able to put up as big a fight to raise the minimum wage orprevent cuts in Medicare and tax cuts for the rich.Jacob S. Hacker, a political-science professor at Yale, said the shrunkenmovement, which represents just 6.7 percent of private-sector workers, faces "anexistential crisis.""There's an irony here," he said. "Unions are probably the most consistent voicefor the broad middle class of any organization today, yet the voice of themiddle class was seen as an important part of Donald Trump's victory. Thefurther decline of labor is going to hurt many members of the middle class."Unions are brainstorming how to weather a Trump presidency. Some will no doubtwork with Mr. Trump on rebuilding infrastructure and overhauling tradeagreements, while other unions will do battle with him - on his plans to repealObamacare, deport millions of immigrants and much more.Mary Kay Henry, president of the Service Employees International Union, saidthat with progressive groups on the defensive, unions would team up increasinglywith embattled women's, environmental and immigrant groups. She said unionsneeded to continue fighting, no matter who was president. "Our strong belief iscollective action is the way for us to win wage increases and create good jobs,"she said.With the climate in Washington becoming more hostile to unions, worker advocatesmight focus on more winnable local battles, having just won statewidereferendums to raise the minimum wage to $12 in Arizona, Colorado and Maine and$13.50 in Washington. And with traditional unions in the Republican line offire, there will be newfangled efforts to lift wages and working conditions,like a nonunion drivers guild for thousands of Uber drivers in New York. Anotherinnovative effort, the Fight for 15, is planning protests in 340 citiesonTuesday to try to win a $15 wage for everyone from McDonald's workers to airportbaggage handlers.As unions grow weaker, many workers will inevitably continue to search for newways to band together to make their voices heard.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion),and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.Steven Greenhouse, a former labor and workplace reporter for The New York Times,is the author of "The Big Squeeze: Tough Times for the American Worker."PHOTO: Donald J. Trump at a campaign event in Canton, Ohio, in September. Hecarried the state. (PHOTOGRAPH BY DAMON WINTER/THE NEW YORK TIMES)