HIGHLIGHT: Searches for travel to Canada increased dramatically after theAmerican election. Here are trips and packages designed to show off the country.For some United States residents, Canada is an increasingly attractive vacationdestination and, possibly, a country to live in.Do Americans really want to move to Canada? It certainly looks that way, atleast since the United States presidential election.Canada's immigration site crashed on election night, and statistics from theairfare predictor app Hopper show that between midnight and 1 a.m. Eastern onNov. 9, the time period when the news media reported that President-elect DonaldJ. Trump had taken the lead in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania, there was a210 percent spike in searches for one-way flights to Canada among eight UnitedStates and Canadian airlines, including Delta, American Airlines and PorterAirlines.And, according to data from the travel search engine Kayak, there was a 13percent increase in flight searches from the United States to Canada for threedays after the election, compared with the same period the previous week.Whether the immediate postelection effect of Canada's appeal as a permanent homeis here to stay remains to be seen.But heading there for a getaway is more of an established trend: From Januarythrough August of this year, the number of visitors from the United States toCanada increased 9.4 percent, to 9.8 million people, compared with the sameperiod last year, according to Destination Canada, Canada's national tourismmarketing organization. Also, Kayak saw a 15 percent increase in flight searchesfrom the United States to Canada between Jan. 1 and Nov. 22 this year comparedwith the same time frame in 2015.The surge, said Adam Weissenberg, the head of travel, hospitality and leisure atDeloitte & Touche, is likely caused by the strength of the United States dollaragainst the Canadian dollar. "Canada is a bargain for Americans to visit rightnow and is the best deal it has been in a while," he said.Numbers from the New York City-based economic research firm Oxford Economicsshow that this value proposition is true: the United States dollar appreciatedaround 25 percent against the Canadian dollar from the second quarter of 2013 tothe second quarter of 2016 (the latest exchange rate is around 1 United Statesdollar to around 1.35 Canadian dollars).Here are five trips that may inspire you to vacation in Canada:Fairmont Jasper Park Lodge in Alberta is offering the Jasper Family SkiExperience over the winter. Included are accommodations, transportation to andfrom the ski hill and ski lift tickets for two adults and one child. Prices from469 Canadian dollars a night for a two-night minimum.The Delta Grand Okanagan Resort, in the heart of British Columbia's Okanaganwine region, has a "Ski Canada's Champagne Powder" package. Included areaccommodations for two nights, two ski passes for Big White Ski Resort, locatedan hour away, return transportation from the ski resort and a wine tasting fortwo. Available until March 31. Prices from 515 Canadian dollars.The Ritz-Carlton, Montreal has a Colder the Better package. Guests who book asuite in the downtown hotel save 1 percent off their room rate for every degreethe temperature falls below zero Celsius (32 Fahrenheit). If the temperature isminus 15 Celsius, for example, the discount is 15 percent (the city's latewinter and early spring temperatures usually hover at around minus 10 Celsius).Included are a suite with a fireplace, a welcome amenity of cookies, tea and hotchocolate, breakfast, parking and a late checkout. Prices from 800 Canadiandollars a night.Josh Alexander, from the travel consultancy ProTravel, has created thefour-night Ontario Mini-Break that explores the region's highlights. In Toronto,guests stay at the Shangri-La Toronto and take a private tour of the city'shaunted site; in Stratford, they go canoeing down the Avon River; inNiagara-on-the-Lake, they visit a local winery; and in Niagara Falls, they takea behind-the-scenes tour of the namesake falls. Prices from $1,500 for two. Formore information, email josh.alexander@protravelinc.com.On a guided trip with adventure travel company Ukaliq Wilderness Adventures,explore the Tobeatic Wilderness Area in Nova Scotia renowned for its variedgeography of barren landscapes, interconnected lakes and pine forests. Gueststake hikes and canoe trips in the summer, snowshoe in the winter and stayovernight in a tent. A three-day trip for two people starts at 1,150 Canadiandollars and includes transportation from Halifax to the Tobeatic WildernessArea, tents, canoeing equipment and all meals and snacks.PHOTO: A visit to the Tobeatic Wilderness Area includes canoe trips and hiking.