More than half of the white women who voted in the presidential election casttheir ballot for Donald J. Trump, according to exit poll data collected by TheNew York Times.The data indicate how deeply divided Americans are by race and gender: 94percent of black women who voted and 68 percent of Hispanic or Latino femalevoters chose Hillary Clinton, but 53 percent of all white female voters pickedMr. Trump.The data can be broken down further: 51 percent of white women with collegedegrees voted for Mrs. Clinton, while 62 percent of women without one voted forMr. Trump, a reflection of his success with working-class whites.On Wednesday, women of all races were grappling with the findings.''Fellow white women, I'm done with you,'' Sarah Ruiz-Grossman wrote in TheHuffington Post.At Slate, L. V. Anderson suggested that the majority of white women ultimatelysupported white supremacy.''What leads a woman to vote for a man who has made it very clear that hebelieves she is subhuman?'' Ms. Anderson wrote. ''Self-loathing. Hypocrisy. And,of course, a racist view of the world that privileges white supremacy over everyother issue.''The New York Daily News suggested that America should blame white women for Mrs.Clinton's stunning loss. (Sixty-three percent of white men voted for Mr. Trump,with 54 percent with a college degree choosing him, along with 72 percent ofwhite men without a college degree.)For women of color, the difference was stark. On Wednesday, many of those womenwere hurt, angry and confused.From all of the Exit Polls I've seen, this one is on white women, who votedoverwhelmingly for Trump. Yes, I'm placing blame. Run up. -- April(@ReignOfApril) November 9, 2016People talmbout they want Michelle Obama to run. NOPE. White women didn't evenvote for a woman who looked like them. Leave Michelle alone! -- Awesomely Luvvie(@Luvvie) November 9, 2016and white women love proximity to white men's power+hate PoC more than they lovethemselves but we knew that https://t.co/EyBfbyEXIr -- Hannah Giorgis(@ethiopienne) November 9, 2016White women in every demographic gave the majority of their votes to Trump.Because #solidarityisforwhitewomen https://t.co/5kEdkHyUZY -- Mikki Kendall(@Karnythia) November 9, 2016A week ago, Anne Helen Petersen of BuzzFeed painted a broad portrait of whitewomen who planned to vote for Mr. Trump.''The Ivanka Voter is not the stereotypical Trump voter,'' Ms. Petersen wrote.''She doesn't have a Trump sign in her yard, either because it would get eggedor she doesn't want to fight with the neighbors.''Maureen Sullivan, a Trump voter who wrote about her decision in The New YorkTimes on Tuesday, addressed widespread concern among women about Mr. Trump'sattitude toward them: ''Hillary will be bringing Bill Clinton back into theWhite House. Everyone should be aware that the former president, who wasimpeached, lied about at least one sexual assault and used another woman, anintern, as a sex toy in the Oval Office.''URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/01/us/politics/white-women-helped-elect-donald-trump.html