CAMBRIDGE, Mass. -- Top strategists from the campaigns of Donald J. Trump andHillary Clinton, interrupting each other and sometimes raising their voices,engaged in an angry debate on Thursday about how Mr. Trump pulled off his upsetvictory.Emotions were still raw at the campaign post-mortem, held at Harvard's Instituteof Politics, particularly over the influence of Stephen K. Bannon, who leftBreitbart News -- which he has called a ''platform'' for the white nationalistalt-right -- to help run Mr. Trump's campaign.Mr. Bannon will serve as a senior aide to Mr. Trump. David Bossie, Mr. Trump'sdeputy campaign manager, called Mr. Bannon a ''brilliant strategist.''That provoked the Clinton campaign's director of communications, JenniferPalmieri, to respond, ''If providing a platform for white supremacists makes mea brilliant tactician, I am more proud to have lost.''Mr. Bannon was scheduled to participate in the event but did not attend. Thatdid not stop several hundred demonstrators from protesting him Wednesday eveningoutside Harvard's John F. Kennedy School of Government, where the post-mortemwas held as part of a two-day conference.With campaign managers and pollsters talking over one another and a large crowdof campaign veterans from the news media looking on, Ms. Palmieri said herproudest moment from the campaign was a speech Mrs. Clinton gave in Nevadacondemning the alt-right.''I would rather lose than win the way you guys did,'' Ms. Palmieri said.Kellyanne Conway, who was Mr. Trump's third and final campaign manager, asked,''How exactly did we win?''She answered her own question: by connecting with voters in places ''where wewere either ignored or mocked roundly by most of the people in this room.''''Do you think I ran a campaign where white supremacists had a platform?'' Ms.Conway asked Ms. Palmieri. ''You're going to look me in the face and tell methat?''Ms. Conway went on, pointing out Mrs. Clinton's failings. ''Do you think youcould have just had a decent message for the white working-class voters?'' sheasked the Clinton advisers. ''How about it's Hillary Clinton, she doesn'tconnect with people? How about they had nothing in common with her? How aboutyou had no economic message?''Joel Benenson, Mrs. Clinton's pollster, accused the Trump campaign of using''dog whistles'' about immigrants and minorities to appeal to white voters inbattleground states. Robby Mook, Mrs. Clinton's campaign manager, disputed thenotion that Mr. Trump won primarily by appealing on economic issues, citing exitpolls in Michigan and Wisconsin showing Mrs. Clinton carried more voters whoranked the economy as their top issue.The highly charged exchange was followed by a more restrained conversationbetween Ms. Conway and Mr. Mook, moderated by the CNN host Jake Tapper. CNN willbroadcast the discussion on Sunday.But it was the more raucous session earlier in the day where the passions of thecampaign still seemed at a barely contained boil.The participants, half a dozen from each campaign who faced each other whileseated at two tables, argued about whether Mr. Trump had won a mandate. ''Youwon the Electoral College; don't pretend you have a mandate,'' Mr. Benensonsaid. ''Two and a half million more Americans thought she was a bettercandidate.''''Hey guys,'' Ms. Conway replied. ''We won. Why is there no mandate?''Mrs. Clinton's advisers argued repeatedly that two public letters by James B.Comey, the F.B.I. director, about Mrs. Clinton's emails less than two weeksbefore Election Day pushed enough undecided voters away from her to swing theelection. They also said that voters were seeking fundamental change inWashington, a strong headwind Mrs. Clinton could never overcome.In a rare point of agreement, both campaigns faulted the news media. They saidleading newspapers and TV networks were so convinced Mr. Trump was unelectablethat they never took him seriously. That led to ''hyper-fixation'' on Mrs.Clinton's use of a private email server, Mr. Mook said.''Mr. Trump had a unique ability to speak directly to the American people and gopast the media, whether in 140 characters or making a statement somewhere,'' Mr.Bossie said.The Trump strategists repeatedly said the Clinton campaign had tried todisqualify Mr. Trump based on his temperament and statements, whilemisunderstanding the appeal of his promise to keep Americans safe from terrorismat home and abroad.''They wanted to frame the race as, 'Do you trust him to have his finger on thebutton?''' said Tony Fabrizio, Mr. Trump's pollster.''At the end of the day, what a lot of voters didn't buy was that it was evergoing to be a time where you have to worry about his finger on the button,'' hesaid. ''This wasn't Barry Goldwater.''Asked by Mr. Tapper whether Mr. Trump's recent posting of misinformation onTwitter about millions of undocumented immigrants voting was presidential, Ms.Conway defended the message.''He's the president-elect, so that's presidential behavior,'' she said.At one point, Ms. Conway threw up her hands in frustration at the close scrutinyof the campaign. ''Everybody wants to go back in a time machine and do thingsdifferently so this result that nobody saw coming won't come somehow,'' shesaid.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/01/us/politics/campaign-managers-trump-clinton-crackle-in-debate.html