HIGHLIGHT: In many of the president-elect's international development ventures,his business partners have close ties to foreign governments.MANILA - On Thanksgiving Day, a Philippine developer namedJose E. B. Antoniohosted a company anniversary bash at one of Manila's poshest hotels. He had muchto be thankful for.In October, he had quietly been named a special envoy to the United States bythe Philippine president, Rodrigo Duterte. Mr. Antonio was nearly finishedbuilding a $150 million tower in Manila's financial district - a 57-story symbolof affluence and capitalism, which bluntly promotes itself with the slogan "LiveAbove the Rest." And now his partner on the project, Donald J. Trump, had justbeen elected president of the United States.After the election, Mr. Antonio flew to New York for a private meeting at TrumpTower with the president-elect's children, who have been involved in the Manilaproject from the beginning, as have Mr. Antonio's children. The Trumps andAntonios have other ventures in the works, including Trump-branded resorts inthe Philippines, Mr. Antonio's son Robbie Antonio said."We will continue to give you products that you can enjoy and be proud of," theelder Mr. Antonio, one of therichest men in the Philippines, told the 500friends, employees and customers gathered for his star-studded celebration inManila.Mr. Antonio's combination of jobs - he is a business partner with Mr. Trump,while also representing the Philippines in its relationship with the UnitedStates and the president-elect - is hardly inconsequential, given some of theweighty issues on the diplomatic table.Among them, Mr. Duterte has urged "a separation" from the United States andhascalled for American troops to exit the country in two years' time. His antidrugcrusade has resulted inthe summary killings of thousands of suspected criminalswithout trial, prompting criticism from the Obama administration.Situations like these are already leading some former government officials fromboth parties to ask if America's reaction to events around the world couldpotentially be shaded, if only slightly, by the Trump family's financial tieswith foreign players. They worry, too, that in some countries those connectionscould compromise American efforts to criticize the corrupt intermingling ofstate power with vast business enterprises controlled by the political elite."It is uncharted territory, really in the history of the republic, as we havenever had a president with such an empire both in the United States andoverseas," said Michael J. Green, who served on the National Security Council inthe administration of George W. Bush, and before that at the Defense Department.The globe is dotted with such potential conflicts. Mr. Trump's companies havebusiness operations in at least 20 countries, with a particular focus on thedeveloping world, including outposts in nations like India, Indonesia andUruguay, according to a New York Times analysis of his presidential campaignfinancial disclosures. What's more, the true extent of Mr. Trump's globalfinancial entanglements is unclear, since he has refused to release his taxreturns and has not made public a list of his lenders.In aninterview with The Times on Tuesday, Mr. Trump boasted again about theglobal reach of his business - and his family's ability to keep it running afterhe takes office."I've built a very great company and it's a big company and it's all over theworld," Mr. Trump said, adding later: "I don't care about my company. It doesn'tmatter. My kids run it."In a written statement, his spokeswoman, Hope Hicks, said Mr. Trump and hisfamily were committed to addressing any issues related to his financialholdings."Vetting of various structures and immediate transfer of the business remains atop priority for both President-elect Trump, his adult children and hisexecutives," she said.But a review by The Times of these business dealings identified a menu of thekinds of complications that could create a running source of controversy for Mr.Trump, as well as tensions between his priorities as president and the needs andobjectives of his companies.In Brazil, for example, the beachfront Trump Hotel Rio de Janeiro - one of Mr.Trump's many branding deals, in which he does not have an equity stake - is partof a broad investigation by a federal prosecutor who is examining whetherillicit commissions and bribes resulted in apparent favoritism by two pensionfunds that invested in the project.Several of Mr. Trump's real estate ventures in India - where he has moreprojects underway than in any location outside North America - are being builtthrough companies with family ties to India's most important political party.This makes it more likely that Indian government officials will do specialfavors benefiting Mr. Trump's projects, including pressuring state-owned banksto extend favorable loans.In Ireland and Scotland, executives from Mr. Trump's golf courses have beenwaging two separate battles with local officials. The most recent centers on theTrump Organization's plans to build a flood-prevention sea wall at the course onthe Irish coast. Some environmentalists say the wall could destroy an endangeredsnail's habitat - a dispute that will soon involve the president of the UnitedStates.And in Turkey, officials including President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, a religiouslyconservative Muslim, demanded that Mr. Trump's name be removed from Trump Towersin Istanbul after he called for a ban on Muslims entering the United States.More recently, after Mr. Trump came to the defense of Mr. Erdogan - suggestingthat he had the right to crack down harshly on dissidents after a failed coup -the calls for action against Trump Towers have stopped, fueling worries that Mr.Trump's policies toward Turkey might be shaped by his commercial interests.Mr. Trump has acknowledged a conflict of interest in Turkey. "I have a littleconflict of interest because I have a major, major building in Istanbul," hesaid during a radio interview last year with Stephen K. Bannon, the BreitbartNews executive who has since been designated his chief White Housestrategist."It's a tremendously successful job. It's called Trump Towers - twotowers, instead of one. Not the usual one. It's two."These tangled ties already have some members of Congress - including at leastone Republican representative - calling on Mr. Trump to provide more informationon his international operations, or perhaps for a congressional inquiry intothem."You rightly criticized Hillary for Clinton Foundation," Representative JustinAmash, Republican of Michigan, said in a Twitter message on Monday. "If you havecontracts w/foreign govts, it's certainly a big deal, too.#DrainTheSwamp"David J. Kramer, who served as assistant secretary of state for democracy, humanrights and labor during the Bush administration, said Mr. Trump's financialentanglements could undermine decades of efforts by Democratic and Republicanpresidents to promote government transparency - and to use the Foreign CorruptPractices Act to stop contractors from paying bribes to secure government workabroad."This will make it a little harder to be able to go out and proselytize aroundthese things," Mr. Kramer said.Even if Mr. Trump and his family seek no special advantages from foreigngovernments, officials overseas may feel compelled to help the Trump family by,say, accelerating building permits or pushing more business to one of the newpresident's hotels or golf courses, according to several former State Departmentofficials."The working assumption on behalf of all these foreign government officials willbe that there is an advantage to doing business with the Trump organization,"said Michael H. Fuchs, who was until recently deputy assistant secretary at thebureau of East Asian and Pacific affairs. "They will think it will ingratiatethemselves with the Trump administration. And this will significantly complicateUnited States foreign policy and our relationships around the world."At the same time, Mr. Fuchs said, American diplomats in countries where Mr.Trump's companies operate, fearful of a rebuke from Washington, may be reluctantto take steps that could frustrate business partners or political allies.Another question is, who will be responsible for security at the Trump Towersaround the world, especially in the Middle East, which terrorism experts say maynow become more appealing targets as symbols of American capitalism built in thename of the president?What is clear is that there has been very little division, in the weeks sincethe election, between Mr. Trump's business interests and his transition effort,with the president-elect or his family greeting real estate partners from Indiaand the Philippines in his office and Mr. Trump raising concerns about his golfcourse in Scotland with a prominent British politician. Mr. Trump'sdaughterIvanka, who is in charge of planningand development of the TrumpOrganization's global network of hotels, has joined in conversations with atleast three world leaders - of Turkey, Argentina and Japan - having access thatcould help her expand the brand worldwide.Mr. Trump, in the interview with The Times on Tuesday, acknowledged that hismove to the Oval Office could help enrich his family. He cited his new hotel afew blocks from the White House, which the Trump Organization has urgeddiplomats to consider patronizing when in town to meet the president or histeam.Federal law does not prevent Mr. Trump from taking actions that could benefithim and his family financially; the president is exempt from mostconflict-of-interest laws. But the Constitution, through what is called theemoluments clause, appears to prohibit him from taking payments or gifts from aforeign government entity, a standard that some legal experts say he may violateby renting space in Trump Tower in New York to the Bank of China or if he hostsforeign diplomats in one of his hotels."I mean it could be that occupancy at that hotel will be because,psychologically, occupancy at that hotel will be probably a more valuable assetnow than it was before, O.K.? The brand is certainly a hotter brand than it wasbefore. I can't help that, but I don't care," Mr. Trump said, adding, "The onlything that matters to me is running our country."Robert D. Blackwill, a former National Security Council member who also servedas ambassador to India during the Bush administration, said Mr. Trump still hada chance to demonstrate that he could manage these challenges once he was swornin."Let's listen and not prejudge," said Mr. Blackwill, a Republican who was socritical of Mr. Trump that he endorsed Hillary Clinton. "I want to see what hedoes as president."BRAZILNation Under Pressure, Ventures Under ScrutinyDonald Trump Jr., the president-elect's oldest son, gushed with triumphalismwhen he announced a deal in 2014 to attach the family name to the Trump HotelRio de Janeiro, a lavish 171-room beachfront project featuringcavernous suiteswith private plunge pools and a 4,000-square-foot nightclub."This is an exciting time to develop our first project in South America and theperfect location to do so," the younger Mr. Trump (his brother Eric is alsoinvolved in the family business) said at the time.But just two years later, the venture is embroiled in a criminal investigationin Brazil, pointing to unfulfilled promises that are casting a pall over boththe Trump business empire and the president-elect in their dealings in LatinAmerica's largest country.Anselmo Henrique Cordeiro Lopes, a crusading federal prosecutor in the capital,Brasília, opened an investigation in the weeks before the American election into$40 million in investments made by two relatively small Brazilian pension fundsin the Trump Hotel Rio.The Trump hotel inquiry is looking at why the funds - Serpro, which invests onbehalf of retirees of a state-controlled information technology firm, andIgeprev, which manages the pensions of public employees of the sparselypopulated Tocantins State - put so much of their capital into the venture, whichis owned by Mr. Trump's Brazilian partner, LSH Barra.Back in 2014, the hotel might have seemed like a good deal. Brazil was about tohost the World Cup soccer tournament that year, while Rio was preparing to bethe venue for the 2016 Summer Olympics. At the same time, Rio, the nerve centerof Brazil's energy industry, had been bolstered by large offshore oildiscoveries.But Brazil's economy began to weaken in 2014, undermined by falling commoditiesprices, colossal graft scandals and political instability that culminated in theouster this year of President Dilma Rousseff, who was replaced by her vicepresident, Michel Temer. The result: Brazil is still grappling with its mostsevere economic crisis in decades.The hotel officially opened for the Olympics, but months later remainsunfinished. The top floors of the property, whose design evokes a futuristicpyramid, are closed. Parts of the hotel still resemble a construction site,including the second floor, where pleasure-seekers were supposed to mingle in anightclub overlooking the Atlantic.The examination of the project by Mr. Lopes, the federal prosecutor, has alreadyfound a series of "highly suspicious" potential irregularities warranting acriminal investigation, according to court documents. "It is necessary to verifyif the favoritism shown by the pension funds to LSH and the Trump Organizationwas due to the payment of illicit commissions and bribes," Mr. Lopes said indocuments filed in October.In his filings, Mr. Lopes said the size of the hotel investments relative to theoverall holdings of the small pension funds reflected a highly unusual level ofrisk, especially for an unfinished venture that failed to capitalize fully onthe demand for accommodations during the Olympics. Going further, Mr. Lopespositioned the inquiry within a broader investigation of public pension funds,pillars of the Brazilian economy that often work in tandem with largestate-controlled banks and energy companies.Mr. Trump first took interest in a Rio hotel venture in 2012, when Ivanka Trumpwas having lunch in Florida with Paulo Figueiredo Filho, a businessman who isagrandson of João Figueiredo, the last autocrat of Brazil's 21-year militarydictatorship, which ended in 1985. The younger Mr. Figueiredo spearheaded thehotel venture until recently.In a statement, Mr. Trump's Brazilian partner, LSH, said it was innocent of anywrongdoing in connection with the investments by the pension funds, and wascooperating with the criminal inquiry.Alan Garten, the Trump Organization's general counsel, said in a statementissued Friday that the investigation was not targeting Mr. Trump or his company- given that it does not own the hotel - and "has no knowledge whatsoeverregarding any governmental inquiry."The investigation of the Trump projects is unfolding at an awkward time for theBrazilian authorities. Foreign Minister José Serra, Brazil's top diplomat,publiclydeclared in July that a Trump presidency would be a "nightmare."Although President Temer has formally congratulated Mr. Trump on his victory ina letter, he is still among world leaders who have not yet spoken by telephonewith the president-elect.Even if Brazil's executive branch actively tries to seek warmer relations withMr. Trump, officials will face obstacles if they try to quell the investigation.Brazil differs from some other countries in Latin America where presidents caneasily exert pressure on prosecutors and judges, with the judiciary steadilygrowing more independent."Brazilian diplomats could try to avoid the problem of referring to theinvestigation when dealing with the Trump administration, but that's about allthey can do," said Maurício Santoro, a political scientist at the StateUniversity of Rio de Janeiro. "This is something that could hang over relationsbetween the two countries for years."INDIAPotential Pitfalls in Dual RolesOn the other side of the world, Donald Trump Jr. had other projects he waspushing.In 2012, he flew into Mumbai for a brief meeting with the state's chief ministerat that time, hoping to salvage a residential tower representing the TrumpOrganization's first planned project there. He was hoping the chief minister,Prithviraj Chavan, would intervene on his behalf to get the permission needed.The participants recall the meeting differently: Mr. Trump's partner, HarreshMehta of Rohan Lifescapes, said development regulations had changed, leaving theproject in limbo, and they hoped Mr. Chavan could formalize a policy so that theproject could continue. Mr. Chavan said that in a 30-minute meeting, Mr. Trumpand his partner were "requesting a concession that could not be given."By the end of the meeting, in any case, it was fairly clear that the younger Mr.Trump's presence had not worked any magic. The project was shelved soon after."He thought the name was so big, we would bend backwards to satisfy him, butthat was not the case," Mr. Chavan said.Kalpesh Mehta, managing partner of Tribeca Developers of Mumbai, the TrumpOrganization's development partner in India, confirmed that Donald Trump Jr. hadmet with the chief minister, but disputed the claim by Mr. Chavan that he hadsought a special favor."The notion that a request was made by Donald Jr. to waive any regulations isabsolutely false," Mr. Mehta said in the statement, which was issued Friday."The Trump Organization does not get involved in the regulatory aspects and/orinteracting with government officials related to its projects in India."This example, analysts here say, points to a potentially serious ethical hazardfor a United States president who is also a real estate mogul in India, withfive projects underway. Mr. Trump was operating much like other developers inIndia, who cozy up to politicians - officially or unofficially - to pushprojects through the bureaucracy.Often, they must obtain as many as 60 permissions and building permits fromgovernment officials, including bureaucrats "whose main goal in life is toattract rent," said Saurabh Mukherjea, the chief executive of institutionalequities at Ambit Capital, a leading investment bank in India.One of Mr. Trump's projects, Trump Towers Pune, is in fact under investigationby local authorities after another builder alleged that one of its permits wasfraudulent. Panchshil Realty has disputed that accusation, saying the permit inquestion was not required for the construction. The very nature of the country'sreal estate business, however, underscores larger concerns about potentialdamage to American efforts to discourage corruption in business abroad.In India, real estate is the main vehicle politicians and businessmen have usedto invest so-called black money, on which taxes have not been paid. In cities,where land is scarce and extraordinarily valuable, special favors from toppolitical leaders can lead to windfall profits, and negotiations betweendevelopers and officials are informal affairs.It is so routine for developers to pay bribes at every step of the approvalprocess that many bureaucrats have informal rate sheets showing exactly how muchmust be paid to each official.Politicians not only pressure the bureaucracy to approve their pet projects,sometimes even when they are against local regulations, they also squeezegovernment banks to give out favorable loans.Top officials might "think in some way the U.S. president will help them," and"can put in a friendly word with the banks" to extend loans for around 8 percentinterest, rather than the characteristic 15 percent, said Vikas S. Kasliwal, thechief executive officer and vice chairman of Shree Ram Urban Infrastructure."If the son goes himself, if the son is willing to go and meet the primeminister of India, or the urban development minister, that is a very big thing,"he said. "They will think the president is meeting them."Another pitfall is that Donald Trump's partners in major projects are, in somecases, politicians themselves. Most major Indian developers have some sort ofalignment, direct or indirect, with regional political leaders, who can assistin acquiring the necessary permits.Mr. Trump's first projects in India, which are expected to increase in numberover the next year, follow this pattern: His partner for Trump Towers Pune isPanchshil Realty, owned by a family that has a close and longstanding familyrelationship with one of the state's most powerful politicians, Sharad Pawar,the head of the small but influential Nationalist Congress Party. (Mr. Trump wasphotographed - in an image distributed on Twitter but since taken down - withexecutives from Panchshil Realty on Nov. 15.) Mr. Pawar's daughter, SupriyaSule, a member of Parliament, holds a 2 percent share in Panchshil's parentcompany, she said in an interview.Mr. Trump's partner in the Trump Tower Mumbai is the Lodha Group, founded byMangal Prabhat Lodha, vice president of the Bharatiya Janata Party - currentlythe governing party in Parliament - in Maharashtra State. The Lodha Group hasalready negotiated with the United States government; it announced a landmarkpurchase of a property, known as the Washington House, on tony Altamount Road,from the American government for 3.75 billion rupees, almost $70 million.His partner in an office complex in Gurgaon, near New Delhi, is IREO, whosemanaging director, Lalit Goyal, is the brother-in-law of a Bharatiya Janatamember of Parliament, Sudhanshu Mittal. Mr. Mittal, in an interview, has deniedhaving any connection with the real estate company.Suraj Hegde, the secretary of the All India Congress Committee, a national bodyof Indian National Congress party members, said he was troubled by the dualroles Mr. Trump and his family would play in Indian affairs - particularly givenreal estate's important role in India's fast-growing economy, and the clout theUnited States has on the world stage."Basically this is the globalization of lobbying across countries, which thentries to establish monopoly over real estate," Mr. Hegde said in an interview.He added that he was already calling for an independent parliamentaryinvestigation of such maneuvers, including Mr. Trump's real estate ventures inIndia."Establishing monopoly at the cost of small players by business connections toMr. Trump is very worrisome," he said. "This is not at all healthy for ademocracy."TURKEYMixing Business, Politics and IslamMr. Trump's business interests in Turkey are emblematic of two weightycontradictions for a businessman turned politician.As a candidate, Mr. Trump railed against moving American jobs overseas andpromised to do something about it. As a businessman, he invested in apartnership with a furniture company here, making luxury furniture in the firm'sfactory in western Anatolia and selling it in the United States and worldwide -a partnership that apparently remains active.Mr. Trump the candidate inveighed against Muslims and threatened at least atemporary ban on their entering the United States. Mr. Trump the businessman hasin recent years had some of his biggest expansions overseas, including in Muslimcountries like Turkey, the United Arab Emirates and even Azerbaijan.One of the most visible Muslim-world symbols of that contradiction is in thebustling commercial district of Sisli, on the European side of Istanbul, where apair of cantilevered modernist towers, nearly 40 stories high, bear Mr. Trump'sname.Turkey's leader, Mr. Erdogan, visited Trump Towers Istanbul - one holds luxuryapartments and one office space, with a shopping mall connecting the two - aftertheir completion in 2012, with Mr. Trump and Ivanka Trump appearing as part ofthe celebration the next day."We look forward to this being the first of many world-class developmentsundertaken together in Istanbul and throughout Turkey," Mr. Trump said in astatement issued during the visit.[Video: Donald and Ivanka Trump visited Istanbul in 2012 after the completion ofTrump Towers Istanbul.  Watch on YouTube.]Beyond real estate, there is the Trump Organization's 2013 partnership withDorya International, a luxury furniture maker with a factory in Manisa Province,near the city of Izmir, to build pieces sold under the Trump Home Collection.But the presidential campaign demonstrated how the goals of his business andpolitics ventures can come into direct conflict, particularly once Mr. Trump inDecember proposed barring Muslims from entering the United States, implying thatall Muslims might pose a terrorist threat."We regret and condemn Trump's discriminatory remarks," Bulent Kural, themanager of the Trump Towers Mall, wrote in an email to a reporter at the time,as he announced that the mall was considering removing Mr. Trump's name. "Suchstatements bear no value and are products of a mind that does not understandIslam, a peace religion, at all. Our reaction has been directly expressed to theTrump family. We are reviewing the legal dimension of our relation with theTrump brand."Mr. Erdogan weighed in on the issue, too, saying, "The ones who put that brandon their building should immediately remove it."Mr. Trump's next move helped re-establish his standing. After a failed coup inTurkey in July, he defended Mr. Erdogan's crackdown on dissidents, saying in aninterview with The Times that the United States has to "fix our own mess" beforetrying to alter the behavior of other nations."I don't think we have a right to lecture," Mr. Trump said in theinterview."Look at what is happening in our country," he added, referring toviolence in the United States. "How are we going to lecture when people areshooting policemen in cold blood?"In between his two remarks - one infuriating the president of Turkey, the othercomforting him - the calls for the renaming of the Trump Towers Mall ended. Butmuch more is at stake in relations between the United States and Turkey than ashopping mall and two skyscrapers.Turkey is a key player in United States efforts to combat the Islamic State inthe Middle East, and sits next door to Syria as the United States has armedrebel groups in an attempt to remove Syria's president, Bashar al-Assad, frompower.The recent postelection telephone call between Mr. Trump and Mr. Erdogansuggests that business and political roles will continue to be mixed.According to a Turkish journalist, Amberin Zaman, writing in the independentonline news outlet Diken, Mr. Trump told the Turkish leader that he and hisdaughter - who participated in the call - admired both Mr. Erdogan and MehmetAli Yalcindag, Mr. Trump's business associate in the towers, whom he called "aclose friend."Ms. Zaman, a fellow at the Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington, said nogovernment officials had disputed her account of the conversation. "I'm of theopinion they were quite happy for this to be published," she said. A spokeswomanfor Mr. Trump declined to comment about the call.Jennifer Harris, who served on the staff of the National Intelligence Counciland on the State Department's policy planning staff, said the twin hats that Mr.Trump and his family would be wearing in Turkey would almost certainlycomplicate the jobs of American diplomats there."It makes me wonder if the Trump administration will use the power of the stateto help political or business allies and hurt political adversaries and businessrivals," she said.THE PHILIPPINESWhat Stance Toward Duterte?President Duterte's antidrug campaign has led to the summary deaths of thousandsof suspected criminals at the hands of police and vigilantes since he tookoffice June 30. The killing has been condemned by human rights activists - andthe Obama administration.In August, Elizabeth Trudeau, a State Department spokeswoman, said the UnitedStates was "very deeply concerned" about reports of "extrajudicial killings byor at the behest of government authorities of individuals who are suspected tohave been in drug activity in the Philippines." She added, "We have also madeour concerns known."The question now, former State Department officials say, is just what kind of astand the Trump administration will take as Mr. Trump and his family balancetheir personal and financial ties with foreign policy demands.Mr. Antonio first met Mr. Trump casually in the 1990s and has been his businesspartner in the Philippines for five years. President Duterte named him specialenvoy to the United States as the Philippines angrily pushed back at PresidentObama for criticizing his deadly campaign. At the time of the appointment, Mrs.Clinton was leading in the polls in the United States presidential election.Mr. Duterte has made clear that he does not appreciate American meddling in hiscountry's domestic affairs."I am a president of a sovereign state, and we have long ceased to be a colony,"Mr. Duterte told reporters in early September, before a scheduled meeting inLaos with Mr. Obama that never took place. "I do not have any master except theFilipino people, nobody but nobody."Mr. Duterte handpicked Mr. Antonio as his intermediary with the United States,said his press secretary, Ernesto Abella, because of his business success, hisprevious experience as a special envoy to China and the Philippine president's"deep intuition about people." The appointment will be advantageous for thePhilippines, Mr. Abella added, because Mr. Trump already knows Mr. Antonio.Even before Mr. Trump has been sworn in, Mr. Antonio flew to New York andvisited Trump Tower, where he met with Mr. Trump's children, who are executivesat the Trump Organization - which oversees the president-elect's real estateventures. This was a business trip, not a diplomatic one, Robbie Antonio, Mr.Antonio's son and the managing director of the family business, said in aninterview.The two families are considering new ventures as they finish work on the TrumpTower in Makati City, a financial center within metropolitan Manila that is oneof the country's wealthiest enclaves and home to many of the nation's elite.The $150 million tower - one of the tallest in the Philippines - is on thegritty side of Makati about two blocks from Manila's most notorious red-lightdistrict, where it is common to see prostitutes soliciting business and peoplesleeping on sidewalks. Completion, originally scheduled for this year, is nowexpected in 2017. About 240 of the 260 units have been sold, said KristinaGarcia, the director for investor relations."We are bringing Trump to the Philippines because we believe that Trumpexemplifies the best quality of real estate anywhere in the world," Mr. Antoniosaid in a 2011 video promoting the project - in which Mr. Antonio is identifiedas "ambassador" and Mr. Trump also appears. "It also exemplifies luxury and itexemplifies exclusivity."In the interview at the celebration in Manila on Thursday evening, RobbieAntonio said he had little doubt of his father's priorities: He will put thePhilippines' interests above those of his company. "It is for the good of thecountry now," he said.But Mr. Fuchs, who helped oversee United States relations with the Philippinesas the deputy assistant secretary of state until early this year, said he wasdeeply troubled by Mr. Trump's overlapping priorities, particularly given thelong list of globally significant issues in play with the Philippines. Theseinclude planned joint military exercises in the South China Sea, the fightagainst militant Islamic groups based in the country's southern islands, and thehuman rights abuses taking place."What we already have is a blurring of the lines between official and businessactivities," Mr. Fuchs said. "The biggest gray area may not be a President Trumphimself advocating for favors for the Trump Organization. It's the diplomats andcareer officers who will feel the need to perhaps not do things that will harmthe Trump Organization's interests. It is seriously disturbing."IRELAND and SCOTLANDOver a Tiny Snail, Big ConcernsThe vertigo angustior snail is only two millimeters long. But it punches aboveits weight.The endangered little snail has helped stall Mr. Trump's plans to build a seawall to protect the coastline along his Trump International Golf Links course onthe west coast of Ireland, in County Clare.Environmentalists, as well as surfers, list a host of concerns about theproposed wall, particularly its potential impact on sand dunes. Along with thesnails, a patch of the dunes near the course is protected by European Unionrules. But Mr. Trump's organization has said the golf resort development mightbe dead in the water without the sea wall, and many locals welcome the businessand the jobs it brings.The battle is likely to be decided next year in front of a national planningboard, in the weeks or months after Mr. Trump is inaugurated on Jan. 20, severalpeople said.The planning board was overhauled in the 1980s to insulate it from politicalmeddling, and it now has the confidence of environmentalists. But there islittle precedent for the Trump situation, which could involve a public hearing."They can be long, they can be lively, and a lot of things could be aired," saidSean O'Leary, the executive director of the Irish Planning Institute, whichrepresents the majority of the country's professional planners.He noted that the national planning board had considered a development proposedby a politician before, but that was a holiday home that the Irish presidentwanted to build."The scale is slightly different," he said.Local officials have said the Trump Organization needs to resubmit itsapplication by the end of the year. In a statement, the Trump Organization saidit was "considering all potential coastal protection options at present" andwould be in contact with the local authority before Christmas. The snail, thestatement said, "is thriving on the site.""Its only material threat is that presented by coastal erosion," it added.[Video: A video by the Trump Organization advertising its golf course inScotland.  Watch on YouTube.]Certainly, Mr. Trump's golf courses in Scotland and Ireland have remained at thefore in the president-elect's mind, even in recent days. Shortly after hiselection, he urged a group of "Brexit" campaignersled by Nigel Farage, the headof the U.K. Independence Party, to fight against wind farms in Britain. Windfarms have been a favorite target of Mr. Trump's in both Britain and Ireland,where he has railed against proposed installations as a potential blight on theviews from his resorts.After a spokeswoman for Mr. Trump initially denied that the matter had beenraised with Mr. Farage's group, Mr. Trump conceded during his interview with TheTimes this past week that "I might have brought it up."Tony Lowes, an activist who runs a group called Friends of the IrishEnvironment, said Mr. Trump had once called him because Mr. Lowes's group alsohappened to oppose a proposed wind farm near Mr. Trump's Irish course onenvironmental grounds."He certainly hates wind farms, that's for sure," Mr. Lowes said about the call.His group decided against working with Mr. Trump, and is now a leading opponentof his planned sea wall."The dune system will not be able to develop naturally," Mr. Lowes said. "Itwill be starved of the sand it needs to develop and evolve and it will die." Headded, "The whole system there is alive and mobile and moving, and the wall isintended to stop that."Mr. Trump's representatives have advanced a number of rationales for the seawall, with the most straightforward being that they simply want to buffer theland from a continuing erosion problem. The proposal has previouslyattractedattention because an environmental-impact statement submitted by Mr. Trump'steam highlighted the risks of climate change and its influence on "coastalerosion rates." That was a noteworthy claim, since Mr. Trump has called globalwarming a hoax perpetrated "by and for the Chinese."The Irish government has zealously courted Mr. Trump. When he visited the coursein 2014, he was greeted on the airport tarmac in Shannon with a red carpet, aharpist, a violinist and a singer whose voice cut through the runway clamor.Malachy Clerkin of The Irish Times called it "a preposterous welcome" and "theworst kind of forelock-tugging."Many locals, however, support Mr. Trump's development. Hugh McNally, the ownerofMorrissey's Bar in Doonbeg Village, about two miles from the course, said theissue had been "sensationalized by the media" because of the Trump connection."I'll give you an example," he said. Roche, the Swiss pharmaceutical company,announced last year that it wouldclose a plant in nearby Clarecastle, causingthe loss of more than 200 jobs. "If someone told them you'd save those jobs bybuilding any wall, everyone would do it," he said. "The only reason people areobjecting here is because of Trump."THE WORLDA Transition and a Business PlanMr. Trump's family appears to have been preparing for the transition to the OvalOffice and ways to capitalize on it both in the United States and around theglobe.In April, even before Mr. Trump had secured the Republican nomination, hisbusiness moved to trademark the nameAmerican Idea for use in branding hotels,spas and concierge services, according to the United States Patent and TrademarkOffice. It was one of more than two dozen trademark applications that Mr. Trumpand members of his family filed in the United States and around the world whilehe was running for president.The applications offer a glimpse of where the Trumps may intend to focus theirbusiness endeavors. Last month, representatives of the Trump Organization inIndonesia, where Mr. Trump has been pursuing two hotel deals, filed trademarkregistrations for use of the Trump name in connection with hotel management.Similar filings have been made in Mexico, Canada and the European Union.Ivanka Trump has filed at least 25 trademark registrations for her brand ofclothing, cosmetics and jewelry in the United States, Canada, the European Unionand Mexico since the beginning of the year, most recently in October. Mr.Trump's wife, Melania, filed an American trademark application for a line ofjewelry in August.As he prepares for the presidency, Mr. Trump has made at least one concession sofar, he said in the interview with The Times this past week."In theory, I can be president of the United States and run my business 100percent, sign checks on my business," Mr. Trump said, before later adding, "butI am phasing that out now, and handing that to Eric Trump and Don Trump andIvanka Trump for the most part, and some of my executives, so that's happeningright now."Richard C. Paddock reported from Manila, Eric Lipton from Washington, EllenBarry from New Delhi, Rod Nordland from Istanbul, Danny Hakim from London andSimon Romero from Rio de Janeiro. Reporting was contributed by Mike McIntirefrom New York, Safak Timur from Istanbul, Sinead O'Shea from Ireland andSuhasini Raj from New Delhi. Karen Yourish and Gregor Aisch contributedresearch.PHOTOS: Trump Tower Mumbai, rising last week. Donald J. Trump's partner in theventure has ties to India's governing party. (PHOTOGRAPH BY ASMITA PARELKAR FORTHE NEW YORK TIMES) (A1); BRAZIL: The Trump Hotel Rio de Janeiro, a brandingventure, is officially open but unfinished and figures in a governmentinvestigation. (PHOTOGRAPH BY LIANNE MILTON FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES); TURKEY:Donald J. Trump, Ivanka Trump and Mehmet Ali Yalcindag, one of Mr. Trump'sbusiness associates in Turkey, at the Trump Towers Istanbul. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY THETRUMP ORGANIZATION, VIA PR NEWSWIRE; MONIQUE JAQUES FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)(A24); INDIA: Trump Tower Mumbai is one of five Trump Organization projects in acountry where connections between developers and officials are common.(PHOTOGRAPH BY ASMITA PARELKAR FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES); PHILIPPINES: DonaldTrump Jr., left, and Eric Trump in 2012 with Jose E. B. Antonio, the Trumps'partner in Trump Tower in the Makati City district of Manila. (PHOTOGRAPHS BYPAT ROQUE/ASSOCIATED PRESS; HANNAH REYES MORALES FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (A25);IRELAND: Bales of grass prevent erosion near the Trump International Golf Linksin County Clare, where the Trump Organization's plan to build a sea wall hasraised environmental concerns. A red carpet was out for Donald J. Trump when hearrived for a visit in 2014. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY PAULO NUNES DOS SANTOS FOR THE NEWYORK TIMES; NIALL CARSON/PA, VIA ASSOCIATED PRESS) (A26) MAP: The Trump Brand Around the World: Donald J. Trump has business interestsin at least 20 countries, in addition to extensive hotel and real estateholdings in the United States, according to an analysis of his financialdisclosure report. Each dot represents a city where he has at least oneenterprise. (A25)Related Articles     ·    Donald Trump's Business Dealings Test a Constitutional Limit     ·    Thin Line Splits Donald Trump's Politics and Businesses     ·    Donald Trump Meeting Suggests He Is Keeping Up His Business Ties     ·    Indian Business Partners Hope to Exploit Their Ties to Donald Trump