HIGHLIGHT: Starting a trade war would jeopardize Beijing's cooperation oncontaining the North, whose nuclear capabilities have been increasing sharply.BEIJING - As a presidential candidate, Donald J. Trump talked about China almostsolely in the context of trade, such as when he promised to slap punishingtariffs on cheap Chinese imports that he argued had ruined the lives ofworking-class Americans.But as he begins to feel the weight of office on his shoulders, there are signsthat his focus in the Asia region may have shifted toward security -specifically, the problem of North Korea and its expanding nuclear arsenal,which experts say already threatens America's regional allies, Japan and SouthKorea.During his visit to The New York Times this week, Mr. Trump referred obliquelyto a "big problem for the country" that President Obama had mentioned duringtheir 90-minute meeting at the White House after the election. Well-placedAmerican officials believe that reference was to North Korea.Any solution to that problem must involve China, North Korea's patron, Americanand Chinese officials agree. Mr. Trump acknowledged as much during the campaign,saying on one occasion that China should do more to bear down on the North.So which tack will Mr. Trump take with China? Will he seek its support for adeal on North Korea, or will he start a trade war, putting such cooperation indoubt?American officials briefed the Chinese several months ago on their assessmentthat the North's nuclear capabilities had sharplyincreased, according to twoAmericans with knowledge of the briefings, who spoke on the condition ofanonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter.But even before then, nuclear scientists from China and the United States hadagreed for some time about the danger posed by the North's ambitions, saidSiegfried S. Hecker, an American nuclear scientist at Stanford University whowas the last outsider to visit the country's plutonium processing plant atYongbyon, in November 2010.Several years ago, the Chinese tended to play down the North's nuclearcapabilities, Dr. Hecker said in an email exchange. But since the mercurial KimJong-un, a young leader who has declined to listen to China and has provoked theUnited States, took over the country, the assessments of the two powers havebeen "pretty much in line," he said.Dr. Hecker and other scientists estimate that North Korea might develop thecapacity to strike the West Coast of the United States with a nuclear warhead inabout five years. But the real problem is here and now, in Asia, he said."The greatest and most urgent threat comes not from a North Korean nuke beingable to reach the U.S., but rather what they have already," he said.Specifically, Dr. Hecker wrote in a recent article, the North is now probablyable "to put nuclear weapons on target anywhere in South Korea and Japan andeven on some U.S. assets in the Pacific."Worse yet, he wrote, North Korea may have developed a "false sense ofconfidence" from a recent spate of successful nuclear and missile tests - onethat could lead it to grave errors of judgment.By the end of this year, Dr. Hecker estimated, the country is likely to haveenough fissile material for about 20 bombs. The danger would be exacerbated ifthe North decided "to field tactical nuclear weapons as its arsenal expands andits confidence in its nuclear arsenal grows."In short, Dr. Hecker said, more and better bombs make a catastrophicmiscalculation by North Korea more likely.How much of this Mr. Trump knew before his victory is unclear, but he wascertainly aware of the problem. Early on, he expressed a mixture of awe anddismay toward Mr. Kim."If you look at North Korea, this guy, I mean, he's like a maniac, O.K.?" hesaid at a rally in Ottumwa, Iowa, in January."And you've got to give him credit. How many young guys - he was like 26 or 25when his father died - can take over these tough generals?" Mr. Trump wasreferring to Mr. Kim's execution of several generals, including his uncle, JangSong-thaek, who was the main conduit between North Korea and China."We can't play games with him," Mr. Trump said at the time, referring to Mr.Kim. "Because he really does have missiles, and he really does have nukes."Such considerations - and briefings that Mr. Trump presumably has received orwill receive on the North's capabilities - could compel the new president toprioritize security over trade in his dealings with China. With the rightapproach, he could find a willing partner in Beijing, said Yang Xiyu, a formerChinese official who oversaw the so-called six-party talks on the North'snuclear program that collapsed in 2008.But Chinese officials say that approach would require removing a thorn inBeijing's side: an advanced missile defense system that the United States plansto install in South Korea. The Chinese view that system, known as the TerminalHigh Altitude Area Defense System, as an effort to contain its ambitions inAsia, though Washington and Seoul say it is intended purely to defend SouthKorea against the North.In the past year, China has rebuffed many of Washington's requests for sharpermeasures against North Korea, and the missile system is one reason. Whether Mr.Trump would consider scrapping it is another unknown.Washington and Beijing did cooperate on United Nations sanctions against theNorth this year - an encouraging sign, analysts said, though many doubt thateconomic punishment alone will be a deterrent.And on Friday, the Chinese state-run news media reported that Beijing wouldsupport a new round of sanctions being considered by the Security Council thatwould close loopholes allowing North Korea to sell coal.Mr. Yang, the former official, said the Trump administration must take intoaccount Beijing's worst fear, where the North is concerned: a collapse of Mr.Kim's totalitarian regime, followed by refugees from the North pouring intoChina and a unified Korean Peninsula under the protection of the Americanmilitary. As president, Mr. Trump must understand that Mr. Kim's government hasto stay, Mr. Yang said."Remove the bombs, not the regime, is the key to a peaceful solution," Mr. Yangsaid. If the United States shares that goal, he said, "we can cooperatesincerely and substantively."Yufan Huang contributed research.PHOTOS: Campaigning early this year in Ottumwa, Iowa, Donald J. Trump said ofNorth Korea's leader, "He's like a maniac, O.K.?" (PHOTOGRAPH BY MAX WHITTAKERFOR THE NEW YORK TIMES); President Xi Jinping of China in Peru last week. Indealing with Asia, Mr. Trump will have to balance trade and security concerns.(PHOTOGRAPH BY ERNESTO BENAVIDES/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE - GETTY IMAGES)Related Articles     ·    In China-U.S. Trade War, Trump Would Have Weapons     ·    Asia, a Target of Trump's Criticism, Greets His Election With Caution     ·    Donald Trump Vows to Rip Up Trade Deals and Confront China     ·    U.S. Says Chinese Executive Helped North Korea Dodge Sanctions     ·    Few Expect China to Punish North Korea for Latest Nuclear Test