PANTIN, France -- Tourists near the Eiffel Tower were met with an unexpectedsight this month: hundreds of people marching to protest the election of DonaldTrump and condemn the politics of hate and division. The #ParisAgainstTrumpmarch was organized by a group of Americans in Paris but also drew Frenchcitizens who are worried that Mr. Trump's victory will embolden far-rightpoliticians in France.That may already have begun. Marine Le Pen -- the National Front candidate, whois expected to make it to the final round in French presidential election in thespring -- congratulated Mr. Trump on Twitter and later said his election was''good news for our country.''The French citizens who supported the #ParisAgainstTrump march have many reasonsto disagree. Mikael Zenouda, an activist with Act Up-Paris, said he marchedbecause he is worried that ''homophobic crimes will increase in France.''Abdel-Rahmène Azzouzi, who founded the group Je Te Voix, warned, ''Minoritiesshould not be steppingstones for presidential ambitions.'' The goal of Je TeVoix, whose name is a pun that means ''I see you'' and ''I call you out,'' is tobear witness to racist, xenophobic and misogynistic speech by Frenchpresidential hopefuls. Mr. Azzouzi's message to Mr. Trump was: ''Don't mess withus. We are watching you.''Adiaratou Diarrassouba, a co-founder of the blog L'Afro, told me: ''The UnitedStates has made real something that could now happen here. We support denouncingthe election of someone who makes racist remarks.'' And Magali Fontaine of BlackLives Matter France observed: ''When Barack Obama was elected, it wassymbolically very important. Trump's election is also symbolically powerful.''Stephen Bannon, who will be Mr. Trump's chief White House strategist and is theformer executive chairman of the right-wing Breitbart News Network, has made itclear that he plans to leverage that symbolic power in France. Back in July, theFrench website Radio Londres reported that he said: ''We think France is theplace to be.'' He even said Breitbart was ''looking to open a Breitbart Paris,even a Breitbart France.'' Days after Mr. Trump's victory, Marion Maréchal-LePen, Marine Le Pen's niece and a rising force in the National Front, tweeted,''I answer yes to the invitation of Stephen Bannon, CEO of @realDonaldTrumppresidential campaign, to work together.''The day after the Trump protest, French voters delivered an election surprise oftheir own, giving François Fillon a resounding victory in the first round of LesRépublicains' primary. Mr. Fillon had been third in the polls, behind AlainJuppé, the more moderate front-runner, and former President Nicolas Sarkozy.Then, on Sunday, in a runoff vote against Mr. Juppé, Mr. Fillon won his party'snomination with 67 percent of the vote.Mr. Fillon, a former prime minister, is hardly cut from the same populist clothas Ms. Le Pen. But, his victory is not good news for French citizens worriedabout a tack to the political right.In addition to pledging a makeover of France's economy along the lines of whatMargaret Thatcher did in Britain, Mr. Fillon is a staunch social conservative.His supporters include opponents of France's 2013 ''marriage for all'' law and,though Mr. Fillon says he won't reverse the law, he promises to move againstadoption by gay couples. Mr. Fillon also believes that France has no reason tobe ashamed of its colonial past -- a time, according to him, when Francegenerously shared its culture -- and he has scolded immigrants, saying, ''Whenyou arrive in someone else's house, out of courtesy, you don't make the rules.''France, Mr. Fillon insists, is not -- and will never be -- multicultural.With President François Hollande's approval rating down to 4 percent and hisSocialist Party in profound disarray, French voters could be faced with a choicein the final round of the presidential election between the populist far-rightcandidate Marine Le Pen and the establishment right-wing candidate FrançoisFillon. Either way, French progressives will have plenty to protest.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion),and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/29/opinion/in-paris-worries-that-trump-will-embolden-le-pen.html