HIGHLIGHT: As Trump's new chief of staff, the lifelong G.O.P. loyalist will haveto guide an outsider president and his band of radicals through a city they'vepledged to upend.Ten days removed from the still-fresh shock of Donald Trump's election, aroundlunchtime on a Friday, I navigated the jagged lines of steel barriers, policeofficers and Secret Service battalions with big dogs and big guns surroundingTrump Tower. The glass-and-marble shopping mall, tourist trap and TV set hadbeen transformed into the unlikely plotting ground for the nation's immediatefuture. It was anybody's guess what was taking shape inside the gilded bunkers.Clots of media people, passers-by and protesters crowded the lobby and nearbystreets for the occasional clue, or at least glimpses of Marla Maples and PrimeMinister Shinzo Abe of Japan. Kellyanne Conway posed for a selfie with a fewlucky cops.The locus of the scene was a bank of elevators ferrying staff, cabinetcandidates and the competing maestros of the Trump transition to and fromvarious nerve centers over several floors. Every time a bell sounded, announcingthe opening of an elevator door, lobby heads would bob expectantly. "Is thatwhat Jeff Sessions looks like?" I heard a photographer ask (no, it is not, andit was not). No doubt a host of key Trump orchestrators and luminary actors weremaking ample use of auxiliary entrances and exits, sneaking in and out.New rumors, predictions and potential firestorms seemed to materialize everyhour. The Kremlinology of the incoming White House is shaping up as knotty, tosay the least. Not one of Trump's initial high-level hires has any experienceworking in a White House. How will they work with the volatile real-estate andreality-show maven in the Oval Office? With his proclivity to make decisionsbased on the last person he speaks to? With his children playing an uncertainrole, his son-in-law a possibly ever-present whisperer? How will it all workwith Trump's senior adviser Steve Bannon, former head of Breitbart News, who hasa long rap sheet of racial, ethnic and sexist affronts and a long-running war onWashington Republicans?I had gone to Trump Tower to see Reince Priebus, the Republican NationalCommittee chairman, whom Trump named as his chief of staff five days after hiselection, in the same release in which Bannon was named chief strategist andsenior counselor. Bannon was mentioned first, for Kremlinologists scoring athome, and his appointment has consumed the bulk of the attention, given hishyperprovocative ways. But Priebus, in a sense, filled a more exotic role. Hewould be the chief establishment ambassador for a president whose brief andmeteoric political career has been predicated on blowing that establishment up.A generous reading is that Trump is trying to foster a yin-yang tension betweenhis top deputies, who will represent his own diametrically opposed impulses(Bannon the bomb-throwing devil on one shoulder, Priebus the peacemaking angelon the other). The simpler reading is that Trump hasn't thought that much aboutthis and is simply trying to reward and surround himself with people he feelsserved him well in the campaign."It's almost like a puzzle mystery," Priebus told me last summer. I don't recallwhat we were talking about, but Priebus had a knack for homespun Wisconsin logicand, particularly, throwaway lines that would stick with me. I kept thinking ofthe puzzle mysteries that were playing out up and down Trump Tower, even thoughI showed up Friday without an appointment with Priebus and was confined to thelobby watching tourists ride up and down its now-famous escalators.Priebus and I started talking last spring, as I was undertaking an article forthis magazine about the seemingly fracturing state of the Republican Party. Wekept in touch during the campaign, drank the occasional Miller High Life in hisoffice and exchanged the sporadic email. Priebus was constantly going on TVsaying he was certain Trump would win, even though he could read polls andprecedents like everyone else. Still, he carried on as the chief carrier ofTrump's choppy water because that's what a party chairman does: He smiles andspins and swallows his best-laid plans and audibles in the name of getting hisnominee to the finish line. In a sense, Priebus, who squired his future wife toa local G.O.P. banquet on their first date, was the purest form of "politicalhack" that Trump would rail against as he bulldozed the G.O.P.For his efforts during the campaign, Priebus gained the respect and gratitude ofTrump loyalists - especially the fiercest loyalist, Donald J. Trump himself. Healso won derision and ridicule. He was the subject of multiple stories in TheOnion ("Reince Priebus Smiles, Shakes Head While Flipping Through Old Briefingon G.O.P.'s Plans for 2016"). His spirited TV defenses of Trump's indefensiblebehavior drew him comparisons to "Baghdad Bob" (Muhammad Said al-Sahhaf), SaddamHussein's chief propagandist during the early months of the Iraq war, whosedubious predictions of imminent victory despite growing devastation all aroundmade him an international laughingstock.Long before Trump's victory, back when it seemed like a long shot, I askedPriebus whether he would consider taking a job in a Trump administration - maybea plum ambassadorship to somewhere. "Yes," he said. "Wisconsin." It was athrowaway answer to a throwaway question, which was laughably hypotheticalanyway. But I never had a sense he had thought that much about a Trumpadministration job, besides possibly staying on as R.N.C. chairman whether ornot the Donald prevailed.For all his well-honed sheepishness, Priebus's "just a kid from Kenosha, Wisc."shtick belies a penchant for main stages, big-ticket rooms and high-levelcompany. No shortage of Reince Priebus photos hang on the walls of the R.N.C.'sheadquarters on Capitol Hill. He can be a little star-struck. He travels far andoften to appear with candidates and party dignitaries at events where hispresence is not necessarily required. Priebus was giddy when I spoke to him lastspring as he prepared to attend a party for Time's "100 most influential people"at Lincoln Center. We were on the phone, him walking through the lobby of theJ.W. Marriott after a packed day of fund-raising. He sounded almost out ofbreath, less from exhaustion than what seemed like pure excitement. He told mehow stoked he was to meet the golfer Jordan Spieth and thepro-wrestler-turned-actor the Rock. "Those are my top two," Priebus said,especially the Rock. "I was a big pro-wrestling fan back in the day," he added,noting his childhood admiration for Hulk Hogan and Mad Dog Vachon."Growing up in Kenosha, Wisc., being named to the Top 100 list is a pretty coolthing," Priebus told me. At this point, I reminded him that no national partychairman would ever be named to the Top 100 except in extraordinarycircumstances like these - and these were not particularly enviable ones.The White House chief of staff's post is arguably the most grueling job inWashington. It would be a burnout caldron under even the most predictable anddisciplined of presidents. The average tenure of a White House chief of staff isabout two years. Chief-of-staff jobs are so synonymous with thanklessness that awhole White House mythology surrounds them. "A good chief of staff is seldompopular," Richard Nixon wrote in his 1990 memoir. "He must see that his chiefgets the credit for the administration's successes and must take the heat forits failures, even when they are not his fault. ... He sometimes finds hedoesn't have many friends or supporters. Some may well call him just a pratboy."Some may call Priebus worse than that, and maybe already have. "Eat rocks" is anexpression I've heard Priebus use a few times. It refers to being game to dowhat is needed: swallowing pride and taking one (or one thousand) for the team.If serving as R.N.C. chairman in 2016 has been the definition of eating rocks,Priebus's next gig could go down even harder. "It's 24-7 and never stops," saysAndy Card of the job he held in George W. Bush's White House for more than fiveyears, making him the second-longest-serving chief of staff in history. "My onlyarea of angst on Priebus is that he has young children," Card added, referringto Priebus's son and daughter. Card has a few other concerns, one of which hesays presented itself as soon as Trump "jumped all over" Megyn Kelly in thefirst Republican primary debate last year. "I'm thinking he would be a very hardpresident to work for if he doesn't accept people speaking candidly to him."Card, who remains close to the Bush family and supported Jeb Bush for president,said the most important part of being a chief of staff is remembering that the"staff" part is far more important than the "chief" part. The president is byfar his most important client. "I know of one chief of staff who failed becausehe was used to being a principal," says Beth Myers, who served as Mitt Romney'schief of staff during his four years as governor of Massachusetts. Priebus maynot have that problem; he has been described with that most anodyne term for aWashington manager, the "consensus-builder." But the White House chief of staffjob is not so much about building consensus, Card told me. It's all aboutserving the only principal who matters. "Chief of staff is the only job inWashington that really is defined by what the president's idiosyncrasies are,"Card says. "Are they a morning person or an evening person? Disciplined or not?Do they suffer fools kindly or not?"Priebus and the future president-elect had their dicey stretches, but theirrelationship grew as the campaign wore on. "Trump told me over and over again,'I trust Reince, I trust him,' " Priebus felt a need to tell me one day in hisoffice last spring. They have both proved a lot of people wrong and were bothaggressively underestimated along the way, if not outright dismissed. "I don'tbuy this theory that unpredictable is necessarily bad," Priebus said back whenTrump was just his ruffian nominee and not yet his future boss.You can't appreciate the magnitude of Priebus's changing loyalties until youconsider just how much time, energy and dignity he expended before Nov. 8 tryingto protect "the party" from being defiled by Trump. "Donald Trump is DonaldTrump, and the party is the party," Priebus used to tell me during the campaign.His ultimate allegiance was never in question. It was only six years ago thatPriebus was happily ensconced in Kenosha as chairman of the Republican Party ofWisconsin. Now he is being described as the consummate "Washington insider" inthe Trump White House. He certainly has a line to Republican officials, namelyhis close friend and fellow Wisconsinite Paul Ryan.But in the end, for Priebus, it's now all about serving Trump, whose partisanimpulses have proved flexible through the years - let alone his allegiance tothe G.O.P. He ran, foremost, as a candidate of disruption. He fashioned himselfa dealmaker. No doubt this could immediately run afoul of the conservativeorthodoxy that has driven the Republican agenda on Capitol Hill. Trump alsovowed to "drain the swamp" of the "bloodsucker" lobbyists and "blood money"fund-raisers, "political hacks" and various other parasites and hangers-on thathave fattened themselves so spectacularly in Suck-Up City. In many ways, theseare Priebus's people. He has cavorted, fund-raised and campaigned with them foryears, attended their crack-of-dawn donors' breakfasts and mediated theirdisputes for the good of the party. He will most likely be looked upon as achief emissary to the Capitol Hill, K Street and donor constituencies that Trumpexplicitly campaigned against - the chief of swamp.For his part, Bannon has undertaken an incendiary mission over the years toupend the G.O.P. "establishment," no one more so than Ryan ("a total andcomplete sellout of the American people," Breitbart once declared, referring toRyan's stewardship of House appropriations). Bannon could occupy something of amysterious Svengali role in the tradition of presumed all-powerful presidentialwhisperers like Karl Rove (for George W. Bush) and Valerie Jarrett (for BarackObama). Both Rove and Jarrett represented wild cards in their respective WhiteHouses and regular thorns in the sides of the various chiefs of staffs with whomthey served.But one notable difference is that neither Rove nor Jarrett made it his or hergoal to obliterate the establishments that their presidents were trying to foldthemselves into; nor did either have close ties to fringe elements of theirparties, as Bannon has to the so-called alt-right and its main platform.Breitbart has been described as a "white ethno-nationalist propaganda mill" bythe Southern Poverty Law Center. The site has posted articles linkingundocumented immigrants to disease, declared in a headline that "Birth ControlMakes Women Unattractive and Crazy," promoted the Confederate flag ("Hoist ItHigh and Proud: The Confederate Flag Proclaims a Glorious Heritage") andreferred to Gabby Giffords as "the Gun-Control Movement's Human Shield."Bannon, who has tried to play down the most extreme elements of the alt-right inrecent days, nonetheless viewed Trump as a kindred provocateur - a feeling thatappears mutual. In one form or another, Priebus will try to integrate hisestablishment orientations with these disruptive forces operating all aroundhim. Back during the campaign, Priebus used to refer admiringly to Trump as "anearthquake in a box." In a separate conversation (and metaphor), he describedhis challenge to me as keeping Trump inside "the funnel." Presumably this meantkeeping him directed and contained, easier said than done, but still fascinating- and somewhat entertaining - to watch unfold in the campaign.But with the presence of Bannon and the weight of Trump leading a nervous anddivided nation, the challenge in the White House is considerably lessentertaining to contemplate. Washington - like the presidency, certainly -creates its own distinct funnel that will shape Trump and everyone around him ininexplicable and perhaps dark ways.As it turned out, Priebus never showed his face in the lobby of Trump'sbuilding, at least when I was there. Like many key players inside Trump's ragtagcircle of collaborators, Priebus has gone largely dark since Election Day,holing up in Transition Tower with occasional hops down to Washington. He wasnot responding to my emails and was described by gatekeepers as "drinking frommultiple fire hoses."So for now, my most recent and enduring image of Priebus is watching him beamingand red-faced and a bit stunned on TV in the early hours of Nov. 9. A triumphantTrump had just called him to the podium, declared him a "superstar" and comparedhim to Secretariat. "But I'll tell you, Reince is really a star," Trump exulted."Reince, come up here. Where is Reince? Get over here, Reince."Trump offered him the mike and insisted he say something. There could be no moreof a pinnacle moment for an avowed Republican Party animal who used to listen toNewt Gingrich speeches in the car as a teenager. He would soon go from being oneof the most dumped-on figures in American politics to one of the mostsucked-up-to insiders in a White House of insurgents."Ladies and gentleman, the next president of the United States, Donald Trump,"was all Priebus could muster. There were worse images to dwell on before thedrama intensified and puzzle mysteries inevitably presented themselves. Who knewwhat the night's result would lead to or what "normal" would become for any ofthe Trumpians soon, or any of us?Sign up for our newsletter to get the best of The New York Times Magazinedelivered to your inbox every week.Mark Leibovich is the chief national correspondent for the magazine and theauthor of "This Town."DRAWING (DRAWING BY LOUISE POMEROY) (MM41)Bannon's appointment has consumed the bulk of the attention, given hishyperprovocative ways. but Priebus, in a sense, filled a more exotic role.