HIGHLIGHT: Liberals and conservatives, on campus and off, have spent too muchtime in their own political bubbles.The presidential election was the last thing on my mind on Nov. 8. I had essaysto write and Italian vocabulary to learn. Sure, I kept New York Times and WallStreet Journal tabs open on my laptop, but I was uninterested in indulging inconversation about an election that most everyone could agree was a time bomb.As a student at New York University and the daughter of a civil servant at theUnited States Department of State, I am familiar with political unrest and itspotentially disastrous outcomes in the arms of ignorance and hysteria. I did nothold any particularly strong opinions about Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton. IfI had voted, however, I would have picked Mr. Trump. I was focused on school. Ihad no idea that a few days later I would be dismissed as a "Trump supporter"and a person of "privilege" who "reflected an us versus them mind-set" in anessay by my college roommate in this publication - an essay that would go viraland change my life.I did not feel that I should lie to my new college friends, especially atN.Y.U., where we are supposed to be open to hearing opposing views, able todiscuss them and put any bias aside. I never tried to persuade my roommate toaccept my side, my choice or my views. I even agreed with some of her opinionsabout Mr. Trump, who has said divisive things about Muslims and other minoritygroups. As an independent, my feelings toward the campaign were very mixed. Ifelt strongly that as a country we needed to focus on domestic issues, and forme, the Republicans were more prepared to do that.My roommate has since apologized to me, but in the meantime I have felt theglare of her friends and been heckled on campus by other students. I have beenlabeled "racist," "sexist" and "xenophobic" on Facebook. I have been called a"white without a conscious," a "misogynist," a "bigot" and a "barbarian" onlineby people all over the country.Here's my story. My father is Hispanic. My extended family lives in SouthernCalifornia and New Mexico. Many of my family members are not native Englishspeakers. My maternal grandmother is an Italian immigrant who holds a greencard. Her husband died after struggling with drug addiction and alcoholism; shehad to work two jobs to make ends meet. My mother was raised by her stepfather,who is African-American and the only maternal grandfather I have known. He is akind, devout man whom I love dearly. My family and friends come from allethnicities, religions and sexual orientations.Attending New York University was my dream. My dad grew up in a trailer home,and my mom was homeless for a period of time. My parents were the first in theirfamilies to graduate from college. They have struggled to provide the best forme and my brother. They have sacrificed financially and worked hard to give us agood life. I came to N.Y.U. partly on scholarship and am accruing debt to pay mytuition.As minorities, my mother, father, grandparents and I have experienced racialhate. My skin may be light, but I understand discrimination. I may not know eachperson's individual experience, but am able to empathize with others.On Election Day, as it became clear that Mr. Trump would be the next president,I tried to reassure my roommate that I was sensitive to her politics andpersonal concerns about a Trump administration. I sent her lengthy texts tryingto express my hope for reconciliation.I know the fear that the election has inflicted. I comprehend the hurt thatpeople feel. We all have reasons for casting our votes. What I do not understandis hatred toward one another. Supporters of both parties have misunderstood andfueled hate out of reckless emotion and ignorance.The answer is not to further the divide by labeling and dehumanizing oneanother. We should fight the "us versus them" mind-set. We have spent too muchtime in our own bubbles, and we need to begin a dialogue that will allow us tounderstand one another.Blind fear and hatred are far more powerful than any candidate. How can weassume we know someone based on the color of their skin, their religion, ortheir political choices? Why should we be afraid to express our opinions? If wesee one another not as a Clinton supporter or a Trump supporter, but as human,perhaps we can discover empathy in the troubled nation in which we exist.The narrative should be one of inclusiveness, openness, respect and love. It isnot only about making "America Great Again," it is about making America homeagain.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter, and sign upfor the Opinion Today newsletter.K.N. Pineda is a freshman at New York University.