HIGHLIGHT: I grew up in a family that embraced extreme views. I've moved on. Thecountry can, too.I could easily have spent the night of Nov. 8 elated, surrounded by friends andfamily, thinking: "We did it. We rejected a multicultural and globalist society.We defied the elites, rejected political correctness, and made a statementmillions of Americans have wanted to shout for decades."I'd be planning with other white nationalists what comes next, and assessingjust how much influence our ideology would have on this administration. That'swho I was a few years ago.Things look very different for me now. I am far away from the community that Igrew up in, and that I once hoped could lead our country to a moment like this.I was born into a prominent white nationalist family - David Duke is mygodfather, and my dad started Stormfront, the first major white nationalistwebsite - and I was once considered the bright future of the movement.In 2008, at age 19, I ran for and won a Palm Beach County Republican committeeseat a few months before Barack Obama was elected president. I received nationalmedia attention and for a while couldn't go out without being congratulated for"telling them what's what."I grew up in West Palm Beach across the water from Donald J. Trump's Mar-a-Lagoestate, and he was always a loud presence in the neighborhood. I would drive apickup truck with a Confederate flag sticker past his driveway each morning onmy way to the beach and my family would walk out into the front yard to watchhis fireworks on New Year's Eve.It surprises me now how often Mr. Trump and my 19-year-old self would haveagreed on our platforms: tariffs to bring back factory jobs, increased policingof black communities, deporting illegal workers and the belief that Americanculture was threatened. I looked at my white friends and family who feltdispossessed, at the untapped political support for anyone - even a kid like me- who wasn't afraid to talk about threats to our people from outsiders, and Iknew not only that white nationalism was right, but that it could win.Several years ago, I began attending a liberal college where my presenceprompted huge controversy. Through many talks with devoted and diverse peoplethere - people who chose to invite me into their dorms and conversations ratherthan ostracize me - I began to realize the damage I had done. Ever since, I havebeen trying to make up for it.For a while after I left the white nationalist movement, I thought my upbringingmade me exaggerate the likelihood of a larger political reaction to demographicchange. Then Mr. Trump gave his Mexican "rapists" speech and I spent the rest ofthe election wondering how much my movement had set the stage for his. Now I seethe anger I was raised with rocking the nation.People have approached me looking for a way to change the minds of Trump voters,but I can't offer any magic technique. That kind of persuasion happens inperson-to-person interactions and it requires a lot of honest listening on bothsides. For me, the conversations that led me to change my views started becauseI couldn't understand why anyone would fear me. I thought I was only doing whatwas right and defending those I loved.I think the "Hamilton" cast modeled well one way to make that same connectionwhen they appealed to Vice President-elect Mike Pence from the stage: "We, sir -we - are the diverse America who are alarmed and anxious that your newadministration will not protect us." Afterward, the actor Brandon Victor Dixonexplained, "I hope he thinks of us every time he has to deal with an issue ortalk about a bill or present anything." I'm sure Mr. Pence believes his policiesare just. But now he has heard from individuals who are worried about thosepolicies. That might open him to new conversations.I never would have begun my own conversations without first experiencing clearand passionate outrage to what I believed from those I interacted with. Now isthe time for me to pass on that outrage by clearly and unremittingly denouncingthe people who used a wave of white anger to take the White House.Mr. Trump's comments during the campaign echoed how I also tapped intoless-than-explicit white nationalist ideology to reach relatively moderate whiteAmericans. I went door-to-door in 2008 talking about how Hispanic immigrationwas overwhelming "American" culture, how black neighborhoods were hotbeds ofcrime, and how P.C. culture didn't let us talk about any of it. I won that smallelection with 60 percent of the vote.A substantial portion of the American public has made clear that it feelsbetrayed by the establishment, and so it elected a president who denounces allMuslims as potential conspirators in terrorism; who sees black communities ascrime-ridden; who taps into white American mistrust of foreigners, particularlyof Hispanics; and who promises the harshest form of immigration control. If wethought Mr. Trump himself might backtrack on some of this, we are now watchinghim fill a cabinet with people able to make that campaign rhetoric into realpolicy.Much has been made of the incoherence of Mr. Trump's proposals, but what reallymatters is who does - and doesn't - need to fear them. None of the ideas thatMr. Trump has put forward would endanger me, and I once enthusiasticallyadvocated for most of what he says. No proposal to put more cops in blackneighborhoods to stop and frisk residents would cause me to be harassed. A banon Muslim immigration doesn't implicate all people who look like me interrorism. Overturning Roe v. Wade will not force me to make a dangerous choiceabout my health, nor will a man who personifies sexual assault without penaltymake me any less safe. When the most powerful demographic in the United Statescame together to assert that making America great again meant asserting theirsupremacy, they were asserting my supremacy.The wave of violence and vile language that has risen since the election is onlyone immediate piece of evidence that this campaign's reckless assertion of whiteidentity comes at a huge cost. More and more people are being forced torecognize now what I learned early: Our country is susceptible to some of ourworst instincts when the message is packaged correctly.No checks and balances can redeem what we've unleashed. The reality is that halfof the voters chose white supremacy, though saying that makes me a hypocrite. Iwas a much more extreme partisan than a vast majority of Trump voters and Inever would have recognized that label.The motivations that led to this choice are more complex. I have no doubt manyof his supporters voted thinking he'd soften his rhetoric, that his words didn'treally matter. The words were not disqualifying for them because they don't see,or refuse to see, what the message of hate will reap.Most of Mr. Trump's supporters did not intend to attack our most vulnerablecitizens. But with him in office we have a duty to protect those who arethreatened by this administration and to win over those who don't recognize theimpact of their vote. Even those on the furthest extreme of the whitenationalist spectrum don't recognize themselves doing harm - I know that becauseit was easy for me, too, to deny it.That is the opening for those of us who disagree with Mr. Trump. It's now ourjob to argue constantly that what voters did in elevating this man to the WhiteHouse constitutes the greatest assault on our own people in a generation, and tooffer another option.There are millions of Americans who don't understand why anyone might worryabout the effects of this election. They see it as "feelings" versus their ownreal concerns. Those of us on the other side need to be clear that Mr. Trump'scallous disregard for people outside his demographic is intolerable, and will bedestructive to the entire nation.If I had not changed, I would have been jubilant after this election and morecertain than ever that anxiety from a shrinking white majority would result inthe election of more people who tap into this simple narrative. Now I'mconvinced this doesn't have to be our destiny.Mr. Trump's victory must make all Americans acknowledge that the choice ofembracing or rejecting multiculturalism is not abstract. I know this better thanmost, because I've followed both paths. It is the choice of embracing orrejecting our own people.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion),and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.R. Derek Black is a graduate student in history, focusing on the early MiddleAges.DRAWING (DRAWING BY JASU HU) (SR6-SR7)