HIGHLIGHT: Here's what you need to know to start your day.Good morning.Here's what you need to know:President-elect Donald J. Trump is continuing to build his cabinet. Members ofhis transition effort's economic and domestic policy teams are expected to beginmeeting with agency officials today.He has hinted strongly that James N. Mattis, a retired general who helped leadthe 2003 invasion of Iraq, will be defense secretary. Here are the latesttransition details.Mr. Trump's meetings with business leaders since his election, including threeIndian real estate executives last week, have raised questions over hisconflicts of interests as president._____Mr. Trump used Twitter to rail at his satirists and critics in the entertainmentindustry.But Vice President-elect Mike Pence said he was not offended when the cast ofthe Broadway smash "Hamilton" appealed to him from the stage to uphold therights of a "diverse America."Our theater critic argues that airing dissent is part of the purpose of art._____Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, widely seen as one of the last pillars ofWestern liberalism, will run for a fourth term next fall.Ms. Merkel, 62, faces strong challenges on the right and left, under thestresses of war in Syria, the arrival of large numbers of migrants and the eurocrisis._____François Fillon took a surprise lead in the first round of voting in theconservative primary for president in France, knocking former President NicolasSarkozy out of the race.Mr. Fillon, a former premier, will face Alain Juppé, who supporters see as ameasured answer to the resurgent far right, in a second round next Sunday. Thewinner is likely to face the far-right populist Marine Le Pen in thepresidential election in April._____World leaders are discussing trade and the incoming administration of Mr. Trumpat the annual Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit meeting in Lima, Peru.The death of the Trans-Pacific Partnership would be a triumph for China, whichis embracing the possibility of an Asia-Pacific trade deal with Russia.On the meeting's sidelines, President Obama spoke with Russia's president,Vladimir V. Putin, about Syria, where the last few hospitals in the rebel-heldarea of Aleppo have been forced to stop providing care._____BusinessMario Draghi, the president of the European Central Bank, speaks to the EuropeanParliament today. Questions about how the Trump presidency will affect theeurozone are expected to dominate.Italy's banks are starving a weak economy of capital, which may keep the rest ofEurope from recovering.A Chinese company is setting up a rare showdown with the U.S. government overits deal to buy a German semiconductor firm.Here's a snapshot of global markets.In the NewsEstonia's president is expected to confirm Juri Ratas, a former mayor ofTallinn, the capital, as the country's next prime minister. His Center Party hadbeen shut out of power for its links to Russia's ruling party. [The New YorkTimes]Poland's right-wing populists are celebrating Mr. Trump as a natural ally butare wary of his fondness for Russia. [The New York Times]Ukrainian prosecutors said they would question Viktor F. Yanukovych, the exiledformer president, in Russia this week over his role in the death of more than100 protesters during the 2014 revolution that ousted him. [Kyiv Post]A British patrol boat fired flares at a Spanish research vessel to expel it fromGibraltar's territorial waters. [Gibraltar Chronicle]An annual conference in Washington gathered many white nationalists of theso-called alt-right movement. They celebrated Mr. Trump's election with thesalute "Heil Victory." [The New York Times]Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel is facing questions over abillion-dollar deal with Germany for the acquisition of three submarines inwhich his personal lawyer was involved. [The New York Times]South Korea's political crisis escalated after prosecutors named the president a"criminal suspect," saying she acted as an accomplice to her longtime adviser inextorting tens of millions of dollars. [The New York Times]The gangs that make El Salvador the murder capital of the world are notsophisticated global cartels but mafias of the poor. [The New York Times]NoteworthyOur Daily 360: Goat yoga is a thing. More than 600 people signed up to a waitinglist before the first classes in near Portland, Ore., even started.Andy Murray's first victory at the ATP World Tour Finals ensured that he wouldend 2016 holding the top tennis ranking for the first time.A stunning finish to the Macau Grand Prix: A Belgian driver, Laurens Vanthoor,emerged unscathed from a fiery, soaring wreck to find he had won the race upsidedown.The Times asked 15 American families to show us the Thanksgiving holiday dishesthat speak most eloquently about their heritage and traditions. Among them:Filipino bibingka, Dudhi kofta curry and Cantonese turkey.And here is a look at how Beyoncé and Rihanna influenced hair styles in Abidjan,Ivory Coast.Back StoryLet's start the week traveling the world using sports team nicknames as ourpassport.The N.F.L.'s Detroit Lions will continue their long tradition of playing onThanksgiving. Regal cats aren't native to the Motor City, but the name was meantto inspire the team to be "the monarch of the league."Dreams that the Midwest might one day be tropical may have inspired the team'suse of the Honolulu Blue shade for its jerseys.A more fitting nod to weather can be found at the University of Hawaii, wherethe teams are sometimes called the Rainbow Warriors. The colorful phenomenonsupposedly appeared after a big football victory in 1923.Battle imagery is also popular, and the names aren't always menacing. TheNippon-Ham Fighters honor the meatpacking company that owns the Japanesebaseball club.In West Africa, Elephants (Ivory Coast), Sparrowhawks (Togo) and Squirrels(Benin) are some of the animal-theme nicknames that have been used to representnational soccer teams.Back in Asia, Bhutan's underdog squad has a fearsome moniker: the Dragon Boys.The mythical beast also appears on the national jersey for Wales.As for whales, they're rarely used in sports. But 100 years ago a baseball teamcalled itself the Whales. Their home, like lions in Detroit, was also unlikely:Chicago.Sean Alfano contributed reporting._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings.What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes.com.