Milwaukee -- I love telling people I'm from Wisconsin. Maybe it's my defensemechanism for when people accuse me of being a coastal elite, out of touch withReal America. I like fulfilling all the Wisconsin stereotypes. I love cheese andcheese curds, of course. I love our sports teams out of a vague sense ofhomerism. And my accent (all hard A's) comes out in full force after ah coupl'ahbeers.Mostly I love my grandma, who has called Wisconsin home for 88 years. Herparents immigrated to Wisconsin from Germany, and she started public schoolwithout knowing a word of English. She forgot most of the German her parentstaught her years ago, but taught me the words to the ''Liechtensteiner Polka''that we would sometimes hear when my family would go to a Friday night fish fry.Up until Nov. 8, I still believed my state's moral baseline bent toward empathy.The Wisconsin I thought I knew, where I lived for 21 years, was filled withcomplex but fundamentally decent people who recognized that everyone isdeserving of respect and could disagree without being disagreeable. The statedid elect Scott Walker as governor in 2010, and the Republican-led legislaturegutted public-sector unions, setting off huge protests in the Capitol. But Ididn't think that state would vote for Donald J. Trump, turning its 10 electoralvotes to a Republican for the first time since 1984. (I mean, come on, we evenvoted for Dukakis.)As much as Mr. Trump won the election in Wisconsin, Hillary Clinton lost it. Hercampaign, which prided itself on employing all the data wizards and ground gamegurus money can buy, did not do nearly enough to lock down the upper Midwest,particularly Wisconsin and Michigan, and instead treated those states as agiven.Paul Soglin is the mayor of Madison, Wisconsin's capital city, in cerulean DaneCounty. He supported Senator Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primary, and saidhe talked at least once a week with a field organizer from the Sanders campaignduring the primary. But once Mrs. Clinton locked up the nomination, it was radiosilence from the Clinton campaign.''Since I first held elected office in the early '70s, virtually everypresidential election, I've been contacted, either by the candidate or by astaffer,'' he told me. ''I'm not saying this to say I'm important. But the pointis, not only wasn't she in the state, but I never got a call, a contact,anything after the primary.''President Obama, by contrast, made two campaign stops in Madison during the 2012election, including a huge rally with Bruce Springsteen on the Monday beforeElection Day.Mr. Soglin's frustration with the Clinton campaign was apparent.''I don't understand the strategy. I've never seen an explanation for it, otherthan assuming that they wanted not just a victory, but a smashing victory --actually, the kind that Donald Trump had,'' he said.Wisconsin's voter turnout in 2016 was the lowest it's been in 20 years. Roughly40,000 fewer Democrats voted in Milwaukee County this year than did in 2012.The drop in turnout in Milwaukee County might be partially attributed to a voteridentification law in the state. In 2014, a federal judge found that roughly300,000 registered voters in Wisconsin lacked the necessary photo ID card tovote under the new law, and a ''substantial number'' of those voters were lowincome. However, election watchers have said the voter ID law alone could nothave flipped the state in Mr. Trump's favor.Mrs. Clinton did not visit Wisconsin once after the Democratic NationalConvention in July. Neither did President Obama or Michelle Obama. Mr. Sandersmade multiple trips to the state on behalf of Mrs. Clinton, but that was notenough to gin up voters' enthusiasm.Like most of the country, my friends and family in Wisconsin were shocked thatMr. Trump won the state, and the election. My mom says she's still in denial; mydad has progressed comfortably to anger. My grandma, though, has been copingwith the election result with characteristic wit. ''After listening to DonaldTrump speeches about hate, I was convinced it's O.K. to hate,'' she emailed me.''Therefore, I hate Donald Trump.''Throughout the general election, the Clinton campaign's surrogates appearedreassured to the point of hubris that they would be able to convert moderateRepublican voters in Midwestern suburbs.''For every blue-collar Democrat we lose in western Pennsylvania, we will pickup two moderate Republicans in the suburbs in Philadelphia, and you can repeatthat in Ohio and Illinois and Wisconsin,'' New York Senator Chuck Schumer saidin July.This line of thinking was not just wrong, but disastrously so. In 2008, BarackObama won 59 of Wisconsin's 72 counties. This year, 59 counties voted for DonaldTrump. Republicans successfully built on the map that helped to elect Mr. Walkerto the governor's mansion while the Clinton campaign was looking to run up thescore in states like Arizona and Georgia.A triumvirate of Wisconsin Republicans also helped elect Mr. Trump, bothactively and passively. First, there is Reince Priebus, who worked his way upfrom Republican politics in Wisconsin to head the Republican National Committee,and now, to serve as Mr. Trump's chief of staff. Then there is House SpeakerPaul D. Ryan, who now has a historic opportunity to pass his agenda throughCongress. Finally, Mr. Walker, recovered from his own failed presidentialcampaign, will now oversee the Republican Governors Association.Charlie Sykes is a longtime radio host in Milwaukee, who became a voice on theright for the #NeverTrump movement. After 23 years on the air, he will retirefrom his radio show this year. Along with being a vocal opponent of the Trumpcampaign, he has taken on a new role as chief apologizer for right-wing media.He expressed frustration with his listenership, who, he said, had graduallygrown immune to any inconvenient fact presented to them. While he read news fromThe Washington Post, Politico and National Review throughout the election, hisaudience seemed to glean most of its news from Fox News, talk radio and theirFacebook feeds.On his radio program last week, Mr. Sykes played a sound bite of Adm. Michael S.Rogers, current head of the National Security Agency, suggesting the Russiangovernment had made a ''conscious effort'' to sway the election in Mr. Trump'sfavor. Mr. Sykes asked his listeners, ''Can we all agree that this is a big dealand we ought to do something about it?''He opened the phone lines, and the first call was Steve from Waukesha, who said:''I don't believe it. I don't believe any of it.''Mr. Sykes sighed. ''You can't break through that,'' he said. ''It is way harderto knock that stuff down than you would think.''He says he is disappointed, but not surprised, to see conservative media fallingin line and supporting Mr. Trump's cabinet picks.''This is the monster we've created,'' he said. ''All of the worst elements ofthe conservative media have now been empowered. Every one of them has got astrut. Alex Jones now has a pipeline to the White House. I mean, think aboutthis!''Mr. Sykes spent half of 2016 arguing that Wisconsin conservatism wasfundamentally incompatible with what Mr. Trump was offering his party.''Wisconsin conservatism has been distinctive, I think, in being aggressive butsubstantive, and very, very policy-oriented, and also proving that you can dothings and be rewarded by the electorate,'' he said.Mr. Trump has certainly been aggressive if not very policy-oriented, and he hasproved that you can run an atavistic, substance-free campaign and still win --even in the mild-mannered Midwest.The Wisconsinites I know don't like to argue about politics in general, andcertainly not at the Thanksgiving table. We are creatures of habit; we don'tlike to make ourselves or others uncomfortable; we loathe confrontation. Butthis year seems to bring with it a moral imperative to have uncomfortableconversations about the very real stakes of this election. This year we may needto break the habit, worry less about being nice and talk more about what itmeans to be decent.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTopinion),and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/22/opinion/campaign-stops/not-your-grandmothers-wisconsin.html