HERBERT HOOVERA LifeBy Glen Jeansonne with David LuhrssenIllustrated. 455 pp.New American Library. $28.Herbert Hoover is usually ranked near the bottom of American presidents. GlenJeansonne's biography of the man who was chief executive from 1929 to 1933 is acri de coeur over what the author sees as a grievous injustice. True, Hoover didpreside over the worst economic catastrophe in our nation's history. But in''Herbert Hoover: A Life,'' he is a fascinating and accomplished individual --the ''most versatile American since Benjamin Franklin'' -- and an idealistic,dynamic president who deserves a better reputation.Born in 1874, Hoover was orphaned by age 9 and experienced a grim, Dickensianupbringing. After working his way through Stanford University, he searched for apostgraduation position in engineering but found only menial jobs, and reachedwhat he called ''the bottom levels of real human despair.'' Jeansonne takes aPanglossian view of Hoover's early tribulations, but a better assessment of hisscarred soul was made by Gutzon Borglum, the sculptor of Mount Rushmore: ''Ifyou put a rose in Hoover's hand, it would wilt.''Brighter fortunes arrived when Hoover lucked into a posting as a mine scout inthe Australian outback. Operating under grueling, dangerous conditions, heproved his mettle as a manager and efficiency expert. Newly married, he embarkedon globe-trotting adventures that included coming under siege during the BoxerRebellion in China, wandering into a tiger's lair in Burma and building modeltowns in Siberia. He became a wealthy man who employed more than a millionworkers.With the outbreak of World War I, Hoover left business for public service. Heexercised superb leadership in evacuating American citizens from Britain, thenhelped save millions of lives by feeding civilians in German-occupied Belgiumand averting famines and epidemics in postwar Europe, including CommunistRussia. The Great Engineer became internationally famous as the GreatHumanitarian; his name was used as a synonym for charity in Finnish. Hooverbrought the same technocratic brilliance to government as secretary of commerceunder the Republican presidents Warren Harding and Calvin Coolidge. He was theprogressives' favored presidential candidate in 1928 and won a smashing victory.Unfortunately, the stock market crash of 1929 revealed Hoover's limitations.Jeansonne, a professor of history at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee,rejects the caricature of an uncaring, do-nothing leader, protesting that he was''one of the kindest men ever to occupy the White House'' who ''employed everyweapon in his fiscal and humanitarian arsenal to combat the Depression.'' Thisargument isn't new; for more than half a century, revisionist scholars have madethe case that Hoover expanded government in an effort to fight the Depression.Indeed, that's why present-day conservatives don't revere his memory.But unlike Jeansonne, most revisionists have also concluded that Hoover'striumphs in voluntary relief efforts blinded him to the reality that theDepression had exhausted the resources of private charity. The scale of hispublic works projects and government interventions into the free market wasindeed unprecedented in peacetime. But his fidelity to economic orthodoxy andaversion to federal relief for the needy meant that his efforts failed.Jeansonne descends to special pleading when he suggests that federal actioncannot end recessions and that government can only redistribute wealth, notcreate it. He believes that Hoover's ideas remain relevant because hisadministration was the last to uphold the original American ideal of minimalgovernment. But conservatives have never figured out how to return to thatpre-New Deal Eden without suffering huge electoral repudiation on the scale ofHoover's landslide loss to Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932.Hoover lived on for another three decades, hoping all the while for vindication.Subsequent Republican presidents distanced themselves from him; Ronald Reagan'spolitical model was Hoover's nemesis, Roosevelt. But as Jeansonne and otherscholars have demonstrated, Hoover -- despite his progressive leanings --pioneered the conservative Republican rhetoric of private enterprise, family andindividual freedom threatened by overweening bureaucracy. And it's worthremembering that until Donald Trump, Hoover was the last Republican to win thepresidency without a Nixon or Bush on the ticket.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/25/books/review/herbert-hoover-a-life-glen-jeansonne.html