On the morning of Nov. 9, a moderator who goes by the handle OhSnapYouGotServedposted on a Reddit topic page called The_Donald: ''How does it feel, centipedes?The God Emperor said that we would get tired of winning. Are you tired ofwinning yet? Feel vindicated, centipedes. It's over and there is nothing theycan do about it. We are the future.''Within minutes, the post had accrued more than 2,000 comments. Within days, theynumbered more than 12,000. Reddit, a hodgepodge of message boards abouteverything, from kiteboarding to financial advice to Photoshopping human armsonto images of birds, is the eighth-most popular online destination in theUnited States. The_Donald, devoted, of course, to Donald J. Trump, has becomeone of the most influential communities within one of the most significantwebsites on the internet. Yet that post by OhSnapYouGotServed is probablylargely incomprehensible to most people.The_Donald has around 300,000 members. Some are conservative stalwarts, othersare meme-making teenagers; all are anonymous, hidden behind user names, makingtheir origins and motivations difficult to pinpoint. But it's fair to say thatmany saw themselves as political outsiders who reveled in rallying for theunderdog.The community is home to copious Islamophobia, trolling of liberals and nearconstant bashing of Hillary Clinton. It has evolved a dialect decipherable onlyto insiders, which includes acronyms like ''MAGA'' (Make America Great Again);epithets like ''God Emperor'' (for Mr. Trump); insults like ''cuck'' (short forcuckold and often deployed against feminists); memes featuring a cartoon frogassociated with racism; and nicknames like 'Pedes. (Centipedes, a term for Trumpsupporters adopted from a YouTube mash-up of the song ''Centipede'' by the bandKnife Party and clips of Mr. Trump's speeches. It might also be a penis joke.Seriously.)This, according to its moderators, was ''the largest, best and closest thing toan official campaign subreddit for Donald Trump 2016.'' If Barack Obama's 2008online presidential campaign was a well-oiled machine that made effective use ofsupporter data, analytics and social-media tools, Mr. Trump owes some degree ofhis success to an online mob of rabid, self-organized supporters.Politics has always been a popular topic on Reddit. The site came of age duringthe administration of George W. Bush -- and Reddit, in general, despised Mr.Bush. It has leaned liberal-to-libertarian ever since, the most popularcandidates being Barack Obama, Bernie Sanders and Ron Paul. Until The_Donald.When created by a couple of volunteer moderators in 2015, the community was justone of many straightforward political-support pages (r/SandersForPresident andr/HillaryClinton were already going strong) that sprang up to aggregate newsarticles from sources such as CNN and The Hill.Today The_Donald is something different. Its memes and slang serve as thepasswords to an internet speakeasy, a secret club whose rules one moderatorjustified as existing to create a ''safe space'' for Trump supporters.''Everyone wants to have a sense of belonging,'' Reddit's chief executive, SteveHuffman, told me last week. ''At some point, it becomes almost cultlike.''The_Donald's policy states ''no racism/anti-Semitism,'' but it also warns ''Nodissenters or S.J.W.s,'' as in social-justice warriors. ''Concern trolling,'' orquestioning views expressed on the subreddit, is also banned.The community is notoriously difficult to manage. Its top moderator team hasturned over at least four times, according to Mr. Huffman. (This usuallyhappened because the community revolted, as in one instance in which a leadmoderator wrote that he believed he could get away with raping undocumentedimmigrants.) Moderators also suspend and bar members more frequently than domoderators of any other section of the site.Still, by early 2016, its content so regularly took over Reddit's most popularlists that the company decided to change its algorithm to make it harder forposts from groups like The_Donald to reach prominence, according to employees.When he announced the change, Mr. Huffman said it had been in the works for awhile, but also that Reddit was being undermined by The_Donald's attempts ''todominate the conversation.''The community's power soon reached beyond Reddit. Mr. Trump tweeted out memesand videos that originated on The_Donald and in July he participated in apopular Reddit ''Ask Me Anything'' discussion, after his team communicated withthe moderators.This would make little sense if The_Donald were all memes and derision. Butaccording to Reddit, The_Donald's moderators -- nearly 50 far-flung volunteers-- deftly managed to channel action out of the chaos. They hosted an extensiveand at times informative Wiki about Mr. Trump's policy proposals and instructedsupporters how to help with the campaign. Members often suggested strategies forarguing persuasively against opponents.Perhaps most important, members organized an effort to comb through theDemocratic National Committee emails released by WikiLeaks over the summer. Inorder to interpret and disseminate these documents, The_Donald relied on anetwork of subscribers it (adoringly?) named ''weaponized autists.'' Ofparticular fixation were emails from the Clinton campaign chairman, JohnPodesta. In a debate in October, Mr. Trump said to Mrs. Clinton, ''John Podestasaid some horrible things about you.''There is no way to know how much all this online activism made a difference onElection Day. But there were many discussions of how The_Donald's hundreds ofthousands of members could persuade their friends on Facebook and elsewhere toget out to vote. And, after all, they spent months discussing Nov. 8 on Reddit;it's hard to imagine they didn't spend a few minutes in a voting booth.But now that Mr. Trump is the president-elect, what will happen to The_Donald?What will the centipedes do when the Trump administration becomes theestablishment, engaging with lobbyists and compromising on ideals, and all ofthe typically ''Washington'' behaviors they despise?The_Donald is still very active, and is gaining subscribers. OhSnapYouGotServedwrote: ''Where do we go from here? We stay the course. This is our home and weare on the winning team. They cannot silence this movement. Trump has much workto do to drain the swamp of corruption in all corners of the country. We have anopportunity to dismantle the establishment. We can still use our platform to aidin these endeavors.''Recent posts on The_Donald have promoted a letter-writing campaign for JulianAssange and WikiLeaks. There's support for protesters countering the anti-Trumplegions in Midtown Manhattan. There's a proposed boycott of Harry Potter booksand movies, with a reminder that J. K. Rowling tweeted that Voldemort was''nowhere near as bad'' as Mr. Trump, and a proposal to defund NPR.There was also, for a moment this fall, a movement to set up a political actioncommittee, something to be expected of a candidate's fan base after the campaignwraps up. The proposal was met with bile, and rejected as a money grab.Moderators issued an apology and a retraction of the idea. Organizing the''weaponized autists'' worked. Asking for letters to support Mr. Assange isworking. Asking for money did not.Whatever The_Donald's moderators say, the community's future is uncertainwithout a controversial, underdog candidate to rally behind. It's hard toimagine that the allure of insider-only memes and perverse laughs will be enoughto sustain it over the next four years.''There are no brakes on this train,'' wrote OhSnapYouGotServed. No brakes,perhaps, but it will almost certainly run out of steam.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTopinion),and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/20/opinion/sunday/reddit-and-the-god-emperor-of-the-internet.html