HIGHLIGHT: Here's what you need to know to start your day. (Want to get this briefing by email? Here's the sign-up.)Good morning.Here's what you need to know:Trump's transition itinerary.President-elect Donald J. Trump is scheduled to meet today with Senator BobCorker of Tennessee, a candidate for secretary of state. He also has dinnerplans with Mitt Romney, whose candidacy for that post has divided Republicansbecause of his criticism of Mr. Trump during the campaign.Mr. Trump has nominatedElaine Chao for transportation secretary, according to aperson with knowledge of the matter. Ms. Chao served as labor secretary inPresident George W. Bush's cabinet and is the wife of the Senate majorityleader, Mitch McConnell.The president-elect is expected to announce today his choice for secretary ofhealth and human services: Representative Tom Price of Georgia, a vocal criticof the Affordable Care Act.Election recounts.Officials in Wisconsin said a review of the state's votes would most likelystart on Thursday. Jill Stein, the Green Party presidential candidate, filed alegal challenge of results in Pennsylvania, and she plans to request a recountin Michigan, which on Monday officially declared Mr. Trump the winner in thestate.When the president-elect wrote on Twitter that California was among the stateswith voter fraud, he didn't provide evidence. Our analysis of results therefound nothing to support the claim.Attack at Ohio State University.The police are searching for a motive after Abdul Artan, a student from Somalia,drove his car onto a sidewalk and slashed passers-by with a butcher knife,wounding 11. Mr. Artan was then shot and killed.The F.B.I. is investigating comments on Facebook indicating that he may havefelt that Muslims were being persecuted.Deadly plane crash in Colombia.Rescue crews were trying to reach a plane that was carrying 81 people, includingmembers of a Brazilian soccer club, that went down on the outskirts of Medellínlate Monday.There are as many as five survivors, the Colombian authorities said.Political turmoil in South Korea.President Park Geun-hye said today that she was willing to resign before herterm ends, in an effort to head off an impeachment vote over a corruptionscandal. "I am giving up everything now," she said in a televised address.Opposition parties have called for the vote to proceed on Friday.Wildfires in Tennessee.A storm system may provide much needed rain to aid firefighters working toextinguish a blaze that has forced the mandatory evacuations for areas in andaround Gatlinburg.Emergency officials there said the fire had affected about 100 homes and 30businesses. The region has been dealing with a severe drought for weeks.BusinessA map circulating on Facebook showing the names and addresses of Jewish peoplein Berlin has led to a standoff between the company and the German authoritiestrying to enforce hate speech laws.In the U.S., news outlets are assessing whether to use the term "alt-right."$3.3 million. That's how much "Hamilton" made last week, a record for aneight-performance week by a Broadway show.The feat followed a weekend of unexpected drama when the vice president-elect,Mike Pence, attended the show and the cast addressed him directly."Throwing stuff away is only half the battle. You have to stop stuff from cominginto the house in the first place." Ourmoneycolumnist offers advice onpreventing"stuff" from taking over your home and crippling your finances.U.S. stocks were down on Monday. Here's a snapshot of global markets.NoteworthyBringing a church back to life.A Greek Orthodox church destroyed on Sept. 11, 2001, is being rebuilt as the St.Nicholas National Shrine, set to open in 2018.Our latest 360 video shows a cross being installed on the dome.News from space.Thanks to Cassini, the NASA craft that has been circling Saturn and its moonsfor 12 years, we know that there are methane lakes on Titan and jets of watershooting from Enceladus.Cassini is beginning thefinal months of its mission before crashing into thedistant planet's clouds.Closer to home, space junk floating near Earth is presenting a problem forsatellites. A Japanese entrepreneur says he wants to be space's trash collector.Lives of comedians.In "Born a Crime: Stories From a South African Childhood," Trevor Noah describesgrowing up under apartheid. "The Daily Show" host's memoir is also "a loveletter to the author's remarkable mother," our critic writes."Last Girl Before Freeway" is a new biography of Joan Rivers. The author callsthe comic, who died in 2014, "one of the world's most uninhibited mean girls."Recipe of the day.This roasted salmon with mustard and brown sugar makes for a quick weeknightmeal. While it bakes, read about our visit with the chefs at the National Museumof African American History and Culture and how they're trying to tell the storyof the African diaspora through food.Back StoryAs bike-share programs have proliferated in cities around the world, a clearpoint of friction has emerged for bicycle commuters: How do they protect theirfragile skulls?Many are unwilling to share helmets with strangers, because of germs and stuff.And carrying a helmet at all times can be a burden.Luckily, a selection of foldable helmets has emerged to help solve the problem.This month, one such product, the EcoHelmet, won the 2016 James Dyson award,named for the British designer best known for making high-tech vacuum cleaners.The helmet's inventor, Isis Shiffer, will receive $45,000 to further develop thecheap, recyclable product, which is made from cardstock paper.The helmet uses a honeycomb pattern to diffuse the impact of a blow, and Ms.Shiffer has said that it is as safe as a standard polystyrene helmet. But ifyou're unconvinced, there are other options.The Plixi helmet, from Overade, is more like a traditional helmet and folds downto a portable size. A collapsible option from a company called Closca has theadded benefit of making you look like a character in a science-fiction epic.Helmets.org, a helmet advocacy program and nonprofit, has a handy list offoldable helmets, including whether they meet European and American safetystandards. You can find that here.Jonah Engel Bromwich contributed reporting._____Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version ofthe briefing should help.Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern and updated on theweb all morning.What would you like to see here? Contact us at briefing@nytimes.com.You can sign up here to get the briefing delivered to your inbox.