''You Can't See the Future in a Stock Surge,'' by Sendhil Mullainathan ofHarvard (The Upshot, Economic View, Nov. 20), said the market rally thatfollowed the presidential election was not necessarily an indicator of how theeconomy would perform under Donald J. Trump.The article attracted 26 comments. The following have been edited and condensed.Good news, yes, but stocks are not ''surging.'' They're making up ground lost ina shaky summer and fall, and simply resuming the steady year-on-year increasewe've seen throughout President Obama's second term. So I wouldn't be so quickto call this a referendum on anything beyond campaign fatigue.Lorem Ipsum, Dallas-Fort WorthThe past has shown us that G.O.P.-sponsored deregulation has ended in scandaland recessions: the savings and loan debacle in the '80s, and the GreatRecession. Get ready.DTOM, CaliforniaBusiness knew what to expect from Hillary Clinton, so the pricing was put inplace. It knew increased regulation and taxation would be there, and it knewthat continued outsourcing and shutting down of American factories and astripping of the American worker would continue.With Mr. Trump there are higher risks and higher rewards, which is what businesssees.Alan Tegel, Whitesboro, Tex.If history is any guide, asset prices will continue to rise for another eightyears before the bubble bursts. 401(k)'s will be wiped out, real estate priceswill drop precipitously, and banks will be bailed out, again. Everyone willwonder why they never saw it coming.WmC, Bokeelia, Fla.This signals the full confidence of those at the highest levels of wealth thatthis ''president'' will gut the regulatory structures throughout the economy --in the financial markets, in industry and in corporate America.Cathy, MassachusettsStock prices may well have risen because of the expectation that capital willgarner an even greater portion of national income. Labor is weak, and may begetting weaker.Dismayed, BostonIt was reported that drug company stocks rose on the expectation that thosecompanies will now be able to charge higher prices for prescription meds. Thoseolder voters who voted for Mr. Trump are going to feel the impact of their votevery quickly and (literally) right where it hurts most.DR, New EnglandLetters for Sunday Business may be sent to sunbiz@nytimes.comURL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/26/business/the-election-and-the-market-rally.html