HIGHLIGHT: The "blue-collar billionaire" is looking plenty regal so far.For a politician who won the White House by railing against the elites anddemonizing the establishment, Donald Trump presented an odd argument for whyAmericans should believe, as he does, that his adviser Steve Bannon is noracist, anti-Semitic ally of the alt-right."Steve went to Harvard," Trump reminded about two dozen of us at The Times lastweek, and then, a few sentences later, added, "I think he was with Goldman Sachson top of everything else."Well, that certainly settles it. If Bannon has been cleansed in the rose-scentedbathwater of the Ivy League and then spritzed with the perfume of Wall Street,he can be no ideological outlier, no cultural ruffian, no threat. He knows touse the smaller, outside fork first and to put his linen napkin on his lap, notto cut eyeholes in it and wear it over his face.Trump styled himself as a populist during his flamboyantly provocative campaign,claiming to hear, understand and channel the working-class Americans so wronglyignored by other leaders. Sure, he flew in a private jet at an economic altitudefar above theirs and lived in ostentatious splendor. He was nonetheless the"blue-collar billionaire," to quote the oxymoron that some of his surrogatestook to using.Where's that blue collar now? I'm seeing a spotless, perfectly pressed whiteone, along with a plush silk necktie and, metaphorically speaking, a pocketkerchief to boot.There's a thickening clique of plutocrats around him, as Politico's Ben Whiteand Matthew Nussbaum noted late last week in an article with the headline"Trump's Team of Gazillionaires." They observed that his emerging administrationis largely a rich man's (and woman's) club, including Betsy DeVos, his nomineefor education secretary, whose family is worth an estimated $5.1 billion.Trump is also considering high-level roles for the "oil mogul Harold Hamm ($15.3billion), investor Wilbur Ross ($2.9 billion), private equity investor MittRomney ($250 million at last count), hedge fund magnate Steve Mnuchin (at least$46 million) and superlawyer Rudy Giuliani (estimated to be worth tens ofmillions of dollars)," according to the Politico article. "And Trump's likelychoice for deputy commerce secretary, Todd Ricketts, comes from the billionairefamily that owns the Chicago Cubs."That's hardly the oddest or most unsettling part of the Trump transition, whichhas been a mesmerizing confirmation of so much about him, including his tendencyto turn every aspect of his life into a self-aggrandizing pageant. It's notenough for him to interview potential cabinet members: There must be photographsand footage of them coming to grovel for his favor, as if each is a courtier andhe the king. Where's the populism there?And for all his thunderous talk before Election Day about "draining the swamp"of Washington, the water level looks fine, the mosquitoes seem unworried and thegators remain plentiful and well-fed.Any suggestion that he would put an end to the self-dealing and personalenrichment of political insiders is contradicted by Trump himself, who hasn'tprovided any concrete assurances that he won't use the presidency to elevate hisand his children's fortunes.In his interview with The Times, he was emphatic (and correct) that he had nolegal obligation to liquidate any of his holdings or put them in a blind trust.And while he said that his concerns now are about the country, not hisbusinesses, he acknowledged, "The brand is certainly a hotter brand than it wasbefore."He also volunteered that history provided no real guide for what he should do,because other presidents hadn't possessed his kind of wealth. The remark cameacross as less philosophical than self-congratulatory.This supposed populist has never been much for humility, and has spent at leastas much time emulating the elites as defying and insulting them. He sent hischildren to fancy boarding schools. Three of them later attended the same IvyLeague institution, the University of Pennsylvania, that he graduated from.The signature ingredient in Melania Trump's short-lived skincare line wascaviar, because, I suppose, nothing says hydration to the everyday Americanwoman like ingestible fish eggs. Had her business taken off, a white-trufflefacial masque and Dom Perignon toner would surely have followed: populistablutions for the parched skin of the little people.Trump's populist daughter Ivanka appeared on "60 Minutes" wearing a gold anddiamond bracelet that she sells on her website for $10,800. A press releasehawking it was distributed just after the program aired.Her populist husband, Jared Kushner, who may be the wiliest of all Trumpwhisperers, has his own Harvard degree (his is undergraduate, while Bannonattended the graduate business school) and, as Daniel Golden initially reportedin his eye-opening book "The Price of Admission," Kushner's ticket to Harvardwas punched, despite questionable academic qualifications, after his father madea $2.5 million donation.Populists and more populists: Even Giuliani, who prides himself as a hero to thesegment of the electorate that Trump won over, spent his post-mayoral years notfighting for the forgotten man but raking in many millions from foreigncompanies and governments dazzled by his star power. That's why he's no cinchfor secretary of state. A Senate controlled by his fellow Republicans might notbe willing to confirm him. He's too swampy even for the swamp.I'm not sure how Trump's populism figured into his determination as a young manto expand his family's real estate business from Brooklyn and Queens intoManhattan, where the ruling class romped. Or into the location of his gaudiestpalace, Mar-a-Lago, in Palm Beach.Or into the staffing decisions he's making now. As the Politico article said,"Put together, Trump's cabinet and administration could be worth as much as $35billion, a staggering agglomeration of wealth unprecedented in Americanhistory."Trump's campaign cast Goldman Sachs as an emblem of all that was sinister andrigged in an economy that shortchanged the working class. But now it's proofthat Bannon's a respectable guy, and Mnuchin, another of its alums, isreportedly on Trump's shortlist for Treasury secretary.And though in some situations Trump plays the skunk at the garden party, inothers he's the garden party itself. He can pantomime populism all he likes. Thereality is still pomp.I invite you to follow me on Twitter (@FrankBruni) and join me on Facebook.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTopinion),and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.DRAWING (DRAWING BY BEN WISEMAN)