HIGHLIGHT: Here's what you need to know to start your day. (Want to get this briefing by email? Here's the sign-up.)Good morning.Here's what you need to know:Trump picks a secretary of defense.President-elect Donald J. Trump's selection of James N. Mattis to lead theDefense Department is likely to be a major topic of discussion today. Mr. Trumpbroke the news at his victory tour rally in Ohio on Thursday night.Mr. Mattis, a retired general who led a Marine division to Baghdad during the2003 invasion of Iraq, is wary of Iran but is not in favor of tearing up thenuclear deal with that country. He's an avid reader of military history and hasoften been referred to as a "warrior monk.""I love this stuff."That's what Mr. Trump told the crowd in Cincinnati as he reveled in theircheers. Our latest 360 video gives you a seat inside the arena.His speech repeated pledges to repeal the Affordable Care Act and to lowertaxes. He also used his address to bash the "extremely dishonest press."Faulting the news media's election coverage was about the only thing aides fromthe campaign teams of Mr. Trump and Hillary Clinton could agree on during acontentious panel discussion on Thursday.Changes in EuropeFrançois Hollande, the French president whose approval ratings have been as lowas 4 percent, will not seek re-election. His decision is thought to improve thechances of the governing Socialists in presidential elections in the spring,although the center-right and far-right candidates are leading in the polls.In his annual state of the nation address, President Vladimir V. Putinof Russiacalled for cooperation with the next American administration. A new foreignpolicy doctrine that Mr. Putin signed on Thursday, though, emphasizes "theserious crisis between Russia and the West."New abortion regulations in Texas.The state will require abortion providers to pay for the cremation or burial offetal remains, rather than dispose of them as biological medical waste, a newobstacle that could make it more difficult for facilities to stay in business.Arkansas, Indiana and Louisiana have called for similar rules.South Carolina police-shooting trial.A jury will resume deliberations today in the case of a white police officer,Michael T. Slager, who is charged with murder in the fatal shooting of Walter L.Scott, a black man who fled after a traffic stop.To avoid a mistrial, jurors have three options: a conviction for murder orvoluntary manslaughter, or an acquittal.BusinessThe U.S. economy added 178,000 jobs in November, the Labor Department reportedtoday.The gains clear the way for the Federal Reserve to raise the benchmark interestrate when it meets later this month. The unemployment rate fell to 4.6 percent.Howard Schultz will step down next year as chief executive of Starbucks, theworld's largest coffee business.The move by Mr. Schultz, who has ties to President Obama and Hillary Clinton, islikely to renew speculation about whether he will enter politics.In memoriam: Jim Delligatti, 98, the inventor of the Big Mac.Mr. Delligatti, an owner of McDonald's franchises in Western Pennsylvania, onceremarked that the wildly popular burger didn't lead to fame and fortune for him."All I got was a plaque," he said.U.S. stocks were down on Thursday. Here's a snapshot of global markets.NoteworthyNew at the movies."Jackie," starring Natalie Portman as Jacqueline Kennedy, is set largely afterthe assassination of President John F. Kennedy. The film depicts a "woman who'smore complex than history can make her seem," our critic writes.The documentary "Two Trains Runnin'" explores the convergence of music with thecivil rights movement in Mississippi through the lens of a historicalcoincidence involving the blues legends Skip James and Son House.Top reads.Last week, we told you about 100 Notable Books of 2016, as selected by oureditors. Now, they choose their 10 Best Books of the year.Only in New York, or under a rainbow.The police are searching for a man who they say stole a bucket of gold flakesoff the back of an armored truck in broad daylight. The haul weighed 86 poundsand officers said it was worth $1.6 million.How to feed a runner.We're nearing the time of year when people make New Year's resolutions. Ifyou're considering running a marathon or some other long-distance race, here isadvice on adjusting your diet.One tip: Running on an empty stomach forces your body to use fat as fuel and canhelp fight weight gain.Recipe of the day.Try this spicy curry, which stars vegetables like butternut squash andcauliflower. For dessert, experiment with salt-baked pears.Back StoryArtists, art collectors, curators, and the scenesters who surround them are inMiami this week for Art Basel Miami Beach. It's a spinoff of the fair held inSwitzerland (there's also a Hong Kong version).Despite the show's party atmosphere, the art world may intimidate theuninitiated - especially with its terminology - so we're here to offer somehelp.Showcasing "the masters of Modern and contemporary art" is Art Basel's statedaim. Those categories may sound redundant, but they're not.While "modern" can indicate the present, it is also tied to ideas that "were newor even experimental" when they were developed, according to the Museum ofModern Art. Contemporary means work by living artists.Just don't confuse "master" with "Old Master," which is a "distinguishedEuropean artist from about 1500 to the early 1700s." Think Michelangelo.At a gallery, you might enter a room with related sculptures. This isn't aninstallation unless it encourages "active engagement" by the spectator.And if you're thinking of calling something "sublime," you're saying the pieceis "worthy of reverence," according to MoMA.One last tip: Remember, the artists and the dealers are also nervous about howyou'll react."What depresses me the most is if people walk past the booth and don't stop," adealer told The Times this summer. "I want people to come in and then have ajourney."Christopher D. Shea contributed reporting._____Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version ofthe briefing should help.Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern and updated on theweb all morning.What would you like to see here? Contact us at briefing@nytimes.com.You can sign up here to get the briefing delivered to your inbox.