HIGHLIGHT: Ms. Conway's criticism of Mitt Romney was expected to draw fury fromPresident-elect Donald J. Trump. But she is not a typical aide.WASHINGTON - Kellyanne Conway, one of President-elect Donald J. Trump's senioradvisers, was about to board a flight back to New York on Monday morning whenshe caught a glimpse of the headline crawling across television screens in theterminal."SOURCES: TRUMP 'FURIOUS' OVER CONWAY COMMENTS ABOUT ROMNEY," screamed theheadline on MSNBC's "Morning Joe" program.Ms. Conway quickly dialed Mr. Trump, as well as Jared Kushner, his son-in-lawand confidant, seeking reassurance that the headline was wrong.She got it.Ms. Conway, the Republican pollster and strategist who managed Mr. Trump'simprobable campaign, said the president-elect was neither surprised nor angeredby her public excoriation a day earlier of former Gov. Mitt Romney ofMassachusetts, a top prospect for secretary of state in the Trumpadministration."When he's upset with someone, they know it," Ms. Conway said in a telephoneinterview late Monday afternoon. While her public display may have bothered somemembers of Mr. Trump's transition team, by all accounts, her close relationshipwith the next occupant of the Oval Office remains secure.Mr. Trump, in a statement emailed Monday evening by his spokeswoman, Hope Hicks,said: "Kellyanne came to me and asked whether or not she could go public withher thoughts on the matter. I encouraged her to do so. Most importantly shefully acknowledged there is only one person that makes the decision. She hasalways been a tremendous asset and that will continue."To those on the outside of the Trump transition, her remarks on Sunday had allthe hallmarks of a political staff member gone rogue. Amid reports of intenseclosed-door deliberations over who should be secretary of state, Ms. Conway hadseemed intent on committing a heretical political act by an aide: boxing in herboss. She wrote on Twitter about a "deluge" of concerns from conservatives andappeared repeatedly on television, insisting that a Romney appointment would beseen by Mr. Trump's supporters as a "betrayal."But little in Mr. Trump's universe is simple. In fact, people familiar with thedynamic inside Trump Tower - who were granted anonymity to discuss the unusualprocess that Mr. Trump has allowed for his transition - said Ms. Conway had beenneither insubordinate nor acting directly on the president-elect's instruction.By denouncing Mr. Romney even as Mr. Trump was preparing for their secondmeeting, this time over dinner on Tuesday, Ms. Conway was simply doing what sheknows Mr. Trump likes: encouraging a public airing of conflicting views when heis unsure of what path to take."The president-elect would never need to turn on a TV station to find out how Ifeel about anything or anyone - he would already know it," she said, noting thatshe had not said anything publicly that she had not also shared with Mr. Trumpprivately. "It would be a mistake to think that I communicate with him throughthe TV."What some saw over the weekend as an act of political defiance by Ms. Conway -undermining a potential cabinet nominee - was seen by Mr. Trump as ademonstration of loyalty, according to people who had talked to him. Hercriticism of Mr. Romney articulated a view her boss had at times expressed: thatMr. Romney had tried to "hurt" him during the campaign and had yet to fullyacknowledge it or apologize."There was the Never Trump movement, and then there was Gov. Mitt Romney," shesaid on ABC, adding later, "I only wish Governor Romney had been as critical ofHillary Clinton" during the general election. During the primaries, Mr. Romneycalled Mr. Trump a "fraud" and a "phony."A decision on the secretary of state position could come this week, although Mr.Trump sent more mixed signals on Monday after interviewing retired Gen. David H.Petraeus for the post. "Was very impressed!" Mr. Trump posted on Twitter afterthe hourlong meeting.But if it is still unclear who will lead the State Department, it is virtuallycertain that Ms. Conway will remain close to Mr. Trump, whether as aninfluential West Wing aide or, in a move that seems more likely, as an outsideadviser with guaranteed access to the president. After initially working for a"super PAC" supporting Senator Ted Cruz's presidential campaign, she has becomeone of the few calming influences on Mr. Trump, and someone he sees as intenselyloyal to him.Her allies describe her job as "the Kellyanne role," a position in which theprecise title does not completely capture the duties she is performing or thesway she has. Ms. Conway has a direct line to Mr. Trump, and she has said thathe is supportive of seeing her on television. The president-elect is also wellaware that she is one of his only female surrogates, and one who has become hisambassador to the news media."She's the first person who was able to develop a strategy internally andarticulate that strategy externally," said Frank Luntz, a Republican pollsterwho worked with Ms. Conway in the early 1990s. "She put a context to everythingwhere there was no context before."Mr. Trump made clear throughout the campaign when he was unhappy with thosespeaking for him on television. Some cable bookers have been quietly told not torefer to someone as a "surrogate" for the campaign on a given day if the personhas fallen out of favor.On a conference call with top supporters at one point, Mr. Trump denounced someof his own aides and said they did not speak for him.That is not a problem that Ms. Conway has encountered.Ms. Conway said on Monday that she had spoken with Mr. Trump a number of timesover the weekend, on a range of topics. She had several conversations with him,she said, about how to be "a face of the administration," although what thatprecisely means remains unclear.And so far, her style of service on Mr. Trump's behalf has left many who areused to a more traditional definition of spokeswoman confused about what toexpect.Joe Scarborough, the MSNBC host whose show is closely watched by Mr. Trump,accused Ms. Conway of trying to "intimidate the president-elect," adding that"now all world leaders will be watching to see if a President Trump can bebullied by his staff."Ms. Conway responded to Mr. Scarborough on Twitter by saying, "Repeating 100thtime decision is his & I'll respect it," and adding, "I already have the job Iwant."PHOTO: Kellyanne Conway, a senior adviser to President-elect Donald J. Trump, onMonday at Trump Tower. "When he's upset with someone, they know it," she said.(PHOTOGRAPH BY SAM HODGSON FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)