HIGHLIGHT: Because Mr. Trump, an outspoken admirer of Mr. Putin, is unlikely toact, it is up to Mr. Obama to hold the Russian president to account.After the stunning disclosures last month that Russia had tried to interferewith the election by hacking the Democratic National Committee, the Obamaadministration hinted at some kind of retaliation. So far, however, its onlyknown response has been to publicly identify the Russians as the culprits andwarn them against interfering again in America's democratic processes.President Obama should not stop there, as some administration officials suggesthe might. Doing so would allow Russia to believe it can operate with impunity incyberspace and could even invite further hacking. Because Donald Trump, anoutspoken admirer of Vladimir Putin, is unlikely to act, it is up to Mr. Obamato hold the Russian president to account. (Even after intelligence briefingsconfirming Moscow's involvement, Mr. Trump refused to blame the Russians andsaid, "Maybe there is no hacking.")A stronger White House response would begin with Mr. Obama revealing moreinformation about how the hacking was done and by whom. He could also decide todisclose Russian computer codes, embarrass wealthy Kremlin officials by exposingtheir overseas bank accounts and even disable Russian networks. And he couldimpose sanctions on Russians who were responsible for the hacking or on militaryleaders who are bombing civilians in Syria. Whatever he decides, the trick willbe to do it without igniting a cyberwar.The hacking involved emails from the Democratic National Committee and from JohnPodesta, Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman, which were then leaked toWikiLeaks. Democratic leaders were embarrassed, and Mr. Trump's campaign gainedan advantage. "This was a conscious effort by a nation-state to attempt toachieve a specific effect," Adm. Michael Rogers, the director of the NationalSecurity Agency, said last week.Mr. Obama is said to have chosen a conservative response to this behaviorbecause he did not wish to invite further Russian interference in the election.Nor did he wish to be seen as acting for political reasons. At least for now,the warnings appear to have halted further Russian cyberattacks. And there is anunderstandable reluctance in the White House to pre-empt Mr. Obama's successorby taking additional action.Americans cannot know for certain that the hacking has ended. Many experts doubtthat warnings alone will be enough to deter Mr. Putin, who has shown nohesitation in challenging America during the postelection transition bycontinuing to bomb Aleppo, in Syria, and by installing new nuclear-capablemissiles in Kaliningrad, Russia, near the NATO border.Senator Lindsey Graham has called for congressional hearings to broadly examineRussia's relationship with the United States, including its role in the hacking,while Senator Ben Cardin has suggested imposing new sanctions. Regardless ofwhat Mr. Obama decides, Congress has a responsibility to pursue paths to ensurethat the country's electoral system is not similarly compromised in the future.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion),and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.DRAWING (DRAWING BY LEANDRO CASTELAO)