Hillary Clinton's lead in the popular vote is growing. She is roughly 30,000votes behind Donald J. Trump in the key swing states of Michigan and Wisconsin-- a combined gap that is narrowing. Her impassioned supporters are now urgingher to challenge the results in those two states and Pennsylvania, grasping atthe last straws to reverse  Mr. Trump's decisive majority in the ElectoralCollege.In recent days, they have seized on a report by a respected computer scientistand other experts suggesting that Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, the keysto Mr. Trump's Electoral College victory, need to manually review paper ballotsto assure the election was not hacked.''Were this year's deviations from pre-election polls the results of acyberattack?'' J. Alex Halderman, a computer science professor at the Universityof Michigan who has studied the vulnerabilities of election systems at length,wrote on Medium on Wednesday as the calls based on his conclusions mounted.''Probably not.''More likely, he wrote, pre-election polls were ''systematically wrong.'' But theonly way to resolve the lingering questions would be to examine ''paper ballotsand voting equipment in critical states,'' he wrote.Tellingly, the pleas for recounts have gained no support from the Clintoncampaign, which has concluded, along with outside experts, that it is highlyunlikely the outcome would change even after an expensive and time-consumingreview of ballots.But that has not quieted Mrs. Clinton's supporters, who see the inequity of hergrowing lead in the national popular vote, which is now more than two millionvotes, or 1.5 percent of all ballots cast, according to the nonpartisan CookPolitical Report, which regularly updates its count as states continue to tallyand to certify votes.Since there is currently no effort to review the paper ballots -- which exist inMichigan and Wisconsin, but only in parts of Pennsylvania -- conspiracy theoriesabout the 2016 election may live on for years. After  United States intelligenceagencies accused Russia of trying to influence the election by stealing andpublishing emails from the Democratic National Committee and a range of otherinstitutions and prominent individuals, the United States went on high alert todetermine if there was any attempt to sabotage the vote count. So far, no one inthe Obama administration has indicated that there is any such evidence.In the three battleground states, Mrs. Clinton is behind by 1.2 percent or less,and the final results have not yet been certified.Uniting around the social media hashtag #AuditTheVote, thecampaign-after-the-campaign has picked up momentum among grass-roots activistsstill mourning Mr. Trump's victory and who echo, paradoxically, his pre-electioncomplaint that the vote was ''rigged.''''Based on the information of the intelligence community that Russia wasactively trying to screw around with our election, I thought why not take thetime and question this,'' said Michelle Zuckerman-Parker, an engineer inPittsburgh, who on Wednesday planned to petition her county election board for arecount of the Nov. 8 vote.That view spread quickly on social media on Tuesday evening when New Yorkmagazine published an article about Professor Halderman and others who hadcontacted the remnants of the Clinton campaign. It also generated pushback byexperts who said that even though it was theoretically possible to hack votingmachines, it would be enormously difficult -- because it would have to be highlytargeted in key precincts and conducted on a scale required to assure Mr.Trump's victory.''Left-wing conspiracy theories of vote rigging'' are ''pathetic,'' DaveWasserman of the Cook Political Report said on Twitter.Time may have already run out. Pennsylvania allows individual voters to petitionfor a recount, but the deadline was Sunday, said Wanda Murren, a spokeswoman forthe Pennsylvania Department of State. A candidate can also contest an electionin court, and the deadline is Monday.Michigan and Wisconsin have not reached their deadlines for seeking a recount,but they will in days. So far, Mrs. Clinton has not requested any action, saidReid Magney, a spokesman for the Wisconsin Elections Commission.Until the publication of Professor Halderman's work, Clinton supporters had fewreasons to hope. He did not offer them much: He noted that while the votingmachines used in those states are not connected to the internet during theelection, they are programmed before the election. The data is usuallytransferred on a USB stick or other data card.''If attackers can modify that software by infecting the machines with malware,they can cause the machines to give any answer whatsoever,'' Professor Haldermanwrote.The problem, as Bruce Schneier, a security expert who has written often on theissue, noted in an interview, is that the usual triggers for a recount -- a veryclose margin between two candidates -- make little sense in a world ofstate-sponsored computer hackings. A truly sophisticated hacking would result ina wider margin of victory that would not set off an automatic recount.Mrs. Clinton would have to triumph in all three states to win the ElectoralCollege. The electors will meet in December to formally choose the president.And there, Mr. Trump is ahead by 290 votes to Mrs. Clinton's 232, with Michiganstill officially uncalled.As of Wednesday, Mr. Trump's lead in Michigan had shrunk to 10,704 votes, or 0.2percent, according to the National Popular Vote Tracker maintained by the CookPolitical Report.Mr. Trump's lead in Wisconsin has narrowed to 22,525 votes, or 0.8 percent. InPennsylvania, his lead slightly grew on Wednesday, to 70,010, or 1.2 percent.The Clinton campaign did not respond to requests for comment. Other Democratssaid it was time to move on.''I'm not sure it's possible to undo the results, and all the people arefocusing their energy on opposing the worst ideas of this administration at thispoint, not the legitimacy of the results,'' said Daniel Doubet, an organizer forKeystone Progress, a liberal group in Pennsylvania.Those pushing for a recount say they are trying to pick up the fight for a tiredand demoralized candidate and her staff.''The Democratic Party and the Hillary campaign are exhausted, and they'rereally hurting, and they may not have the clarity,'' said Ms. Zuckerman-Parker,who briefly volunteered for the Clinton campaign.On social media, supporters pleaded with the campaign to act. ''Please@HillaryClinton @timkaine call for #AuditTheVote,'' wrote Writerchick onTwitter, appealing to Mrs. Clinton and her running mate, Senator Tim Kaine ofVirginia. ''We are all working so hard for you, make the call, the nation isdepending on you.''By poring over local election results online, the Audit the Vote crowd uncoveredwhat appeared to be anomalies in the counting. Helen Manich of National Harbor,Md., for one, noticed that Sauk County, Wis., reported that 31,838 ballots werecast overall, but the total votes for presidential candidates numbered 34,323.Such glitches are not uncommon, election experts said. They are usually ironedout in the process of certifying results. Although those certifications mightchange the results by several hundred or several thousand votes, they are highlyunlikely to move tens of thousands.To shift the Electoral College, Mrs. Clinton would not only have to reverse hercurrent deficits in Wisconsin and Michigan but also in Pennsylvania, whichexperts say is highly unlikely.There is widespread confusion on social media about how recounts are generated.A flood of Twitter users have urged Clinton supporters to call the United StatesDepartment of Justice, even though it is states that certify election results.Ms. Zuckerman-Parker was furiously trying to organize voters around the statesto file petitions demanding a recount this week.''It's like this fever approach happening in the last few hours,'' Melissa Langof Allegheny County, Pa., said on Tuesday, describing her efforts to reach outto voters across the state using social media.But Ms. Murren, the Pennsylvania State Department spokeswoman, said the deadlinefor such petitions had come and gone.''Our staff is not aware of any petitions for precinct-level recounts in thepresidential race,'' she said.Get politics news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the Morning Briefingnewsletter.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/23/us/politics/vote-count-hillary-clinton-trump.html