HIGHLIGHT: Questions are being raised about whether Mr. Trump is exploiting thehigh profile of the presidency to conduct what could be seen as a promotionaltour for the Trump Organization.They stood in line at Trump Tower, sometimes up to half an hour, handing overtheir cash for mementos of the president-elect: mini, gold-wrapped chocolatebricks stamped "Trump." Trump monogrammed sweaters, towels and glassware. Trumpcologne."I bought it for my two sons," said Shanon Loggins, 47, of Lufkin, Tex., showingoff a golden shopping bag embossed with the Trump crest that carried two bottlesof Success by Trump, a fragrance for men. "They need to be successful," sheexplained.Business is good for Donald J. Trump. People are flocking to his MidtownManhattan skyscraper, dining in his restaurants and buying his wares. Reportersare fastidiously chronicling the comings and goings of his transition team, hisself-branded properties providing the backdrop for television live shots.Mr. Trump has taken the staid task of preparing to assume the presidency andturned it into an exercise in conspicuous self-promotion and carefullychoreographed branding.But as the president-elect makes use of his vast real estate holdings, he isalso raising questions about whether he is exploiting the high profile andstature of the office to conduct what could be seen as a promotional tour forthe Trump Organization.The venues he has picked to conduct his official transition planning attest tohis success as a real estate developer: Trump Tower, the Manhattan skyscraperwhere he lives and works amid Trump-themed eateries and boutiques; Mar-a-Lago,the upscale, private Palm Beach, Fla., club where he has chosen to hold meetingsover Thanksgiving; and the Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, N.J.Mr. Trump especially liked the Bedminster setting, he told his aides, becausethe images of him receiving potential cabinet appointees at the front door ofthe clubhouse resembled 10 Downing Street in London.In planning future transition meetings, Mr. Trump and his team are consideringother properties of his that might fit his desire for rich, regal symbolism."It stinks," said Norman Eisen, who was the chief White House ethics lawyer forPresident Obama from 2009 to 2011. Because there is no specific law prohibitingpublic officeholders from financially beneficial self-promotion, what Mr. Trumpis doing is probably not illegal, Mr. Eisen added."But that doesn't make it right," he said. "It's part and parcel of the unsavorymarketing of his brands that he also did during the campaign."Unsavory or not, it is all part of the stagecraft and spectacle that Mr. Trumphas directed from his 26th-floor office in Trump Tower - all of which is beingravenously consumed by the news media and his loyal followers.Most days since Mr. Trump became the president-elect, the lobby of Trump Towerhas been a public staging area for aspects of the transition that Mr. Trump mostwants people to see.Potential cabinet appointees march across its buffed marble floors, past thecameras that stream the scene live to C-Span, and into the gold mirroredelevators. This week there were people like Gov. Mary Fallin of Oklahoma andRick Perry, the former Texas governor, who disparaged Mr. Trump as "a cancer onconservatism" when they were battling for the Republican nomination.Mr. Trump and his staff have even devised a proper greeting protocol forarriving guests. As Mr. Perry made his way through the lobby on Monday, a youngwoman looped her arm around his and escorted him past the cameras. The samewoman was also on hand over the weekend to accompany visiting guests when Mr.Trump moved the meetings to Bedminster.The golf club was even more of a display of munificence, with Mr. Trump turningto the cameras to embrace Mitt Romney, who just months ago condemned Mr. Trumpas a "phony" and a "fraud." He is now a leading candidate for secretary ofstate. There were more ethnically diverse potential cabinet candidates there, aswell, like T. W. Shannon, the first African-American speaker of the OklahomaHouse, and Michelle Rhee, a former schools chancellor in Washington, who isAsian-American.When Mr. Trump was done interviewing them, he would see them off outside and,once again, banter with the news media."Tremendous talent - we're seeing tremendous talent," Mr. Trump said onSaturday. "People that, as I say, we will 'make America great again.' These arereally great people. These are really, really talented people."As the cameras rolled during the weekend at Bedminster, temperatures droppedsharply, sending journalists into the gift shop, where the only cold-weatherattire they could find was a winter hat with Trump embroidered on it.The market for anything stamped Trump has been bustling. At the gift kiosk onthe lower level of Trump Tower - between the Trump Ice Cream Parlor and theTrump Grill, with its $25 prix fixe lunch - the line on Monday morning was abouttwo dozen people deep. Cashiers were doing their civic diligence, asking anyonepurchasing Trump campaign gear like the "Make America Great Again" hats ($25)whether they were American citizens. (Law prohibits foreigners from giving moneyto campaigns.)Marilyn Bryan, 70, of Terre Haute, Ind., was sitting at a table outside thekiosk with her daughter Trisha. In May, Ms. Bryan was at a Trump rally in herhometown when someone passed out next to her, knocked her down and broke herfemur.That might have been enough Trump for anyone else. But she decided that as longas she was visiting New York this week, she might as well stop by the tower totake in the scene. "What'd we spend? $200?" she asked her daughter. Inside hershopping bag were a hat, the golden Trump chocolate bars and some other Trumpknickknacks she planned to give to her relatives. The chocolate, they weresomewhat disappointed to learn, was actually made in Fort Wayne, Ind.Standing nearby were Paul and Lea Foster of Hidden Hills, Calif. Afterpurchasing two hats and two T-shirts, Ms. Foster, 62, marveled at Mr. Trump'sability to cash in on his name. "He's sure figured out how to make money," shesaid.Her husband nodded. "He's a businessman, a promoter," said Mr. Foster, 81."Let's hope he knows how to run the country."Get politics news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the Morning Briefingnewsletter.Michael S. Schmidt contributed reporting.PHOTOS: Club members and guests waited for President-elect Donald J. Trump onFriday at his golf club in Bedminster, N.J., where he met with potential cabinetappointees. (PHOTOGRAPH BY HILARY SWIFT FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES); Items for saleat the Trump Store at Trump Tower in Manhattan, where meetings on the transitionto power have been held. (PHOTOGRAPH BY TODD HEISLER/THE NEW YORK TIMES)Related Articles     ·    Trump, in Interview, Moderates Views but Defies Conventions     ·    Trump Foundation May Have Used Money to Benefit One of Its Own     ·    Donald Trump's New York Times Interview in 12 Tweets     ·    Trump, on YouTube, Pledges to Create Jobs