In June 2013, the Supreme Court ruled in Shelby County v. Holder that stateswith a long history of racial discrimination no longer needed to approve anyproposed changes to their voting procedures with the federal government, as hadlong been required under the Voting Rights Act. That meant this year'spresidential election was the first in 50 years without the full protections ofthe act.What was the result? Fourteen states had new voting restrictions in effect in2016, including strict voter ID laws, fewer opportunities for early voting andreductions in the number of polling places. These restrictions depressed turnoutin key states like Wisconsin, particularly among black voters.Among advocates for voting rights, there was hope that a Hillary Clintonpresidency and Democratic control of Congress would help reverse this situation.But with Republicans now in control of the presidency, Congress and two-thirdsof state legislative chambers, the attack on voting rights is almost certainlygoing to get much worse.A grave danger comes from the Supreme Court. If Donald J. Trump appoints ajustice in the mold of Antonin Scalia to fill the current vacancy, as he haspledged to do, there could be five votes to further gut the Voting Rights Act.Conservatives will target Section 2 of the law, which prohibits voting practicesthat discriminate on the basis of race or color. (This provision wassuccessfully used to challenge voting restrictions in North Carolina and Texasthis year.)When the current chief justice of the Supreme Court, John G. Roberts Jr., was alawyer in the Justice Department in the early 1980s, he led a charge againstSection 2. He argued in a 1981 memo that the provision should block only thosevoting laws that were found to be intentionally discriminatory. This was a muchhigher standard (and in practice, much more difficult to establish) than showingthat a voting law had a discriminatory outcome. ''Violations of Section 2 shouldnot be made too easy to prove,'' Mr. Roberts wrote. If the Supreme Court were toadopt Mr. Roberts's 1981 position today, the country's most important civilrights law would be effectively dead.A new challenge to the Voting Rights Act could come before the court soon.Briefs are due later this month in North Carolina's appeal of a decision by theCourt of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit that struck down voting restrictions inthe state. Four days after Mr. Trump's inauguration, a federal court in Texaswill consider whether the state's voter ID law was unconstitutional. If Congresswere to quickly confirm a Trump nominee to the Supreme Court, its conservativejustices could easily reinstate such voting restrictions.Mr. Trump's Justice Department will also present a severe threat to votingrights. It could choose not to vigorously enforce the Voting Rights Act, insteadpressing states to take more aggressive action to combat alleged voter fraud.This could include purging voter rolls and starting investigations intovoter-registration organizations. As a United States attorney in the 1980s, JeffSessions, Mr. Trump's choice for attorney general, charged black civil rightsactivists in Alabama with voter fraud. (They were acquitted.) He has called theVoting Rights Act "a piece of intrusive legislation,'' and supported the SupremeCourt's Shelby decision, saying ''if you go to Alabama, Georgia, North Carolina,people aren't being denied the vote because of the color of their skin.''Things are hardly better at the state level. After the 2016 election,Republicans control both legislative chambers and the governor's office in halfthe states (compared with only six such states controlled by Democrats). Theyare likely to intensify efforts to pass new voting restrictions in those states.Voters in Missouri approved a constitutional amendment on Election Day requiringa government-issued photo ID to cast a ballot. Republicans in Wisconsin havevowed to cut early voting following high early-voting turnout in heavilyDemocratic cities like Madison and Milwaukee.Republicans in Congress could also jump into the fray. Senator Ted Cruz hasintroduced legislation to require proof of citizenship such as a passport or abirth certificate to vote in federal elections. Mandating a government-issuedphoto ID for federal elections -- which disproportionately burdens low-incomevoters and minorities -- is another top conservative priority. Kevin D.Williamson of National Review has called on Congress to repeal the 1993 NationalVoter Registration Act, which allows voters to register at the Department ofMotor Vehicles and other public agencies.The voting-rights landscape may look bleak, but that is no reason to give up thefight. Things can change quickly if advocates in enough states build support forreform. In 2010, for example, only six states offered online voter registration.Today, 31 states do, and those measures enjoy broad bipartisan support.(Momentum is now also building for automatic voting registration, which Oregonenacted this year.)The Voting Rights Act once enjoyed bipartisan support, but that consensus hascollapsed. Recent elections illustrate that when more people vote, Democratstend to do better, which is why Republicans want to restrict access to theballot. After this year, the party that claimed the election was rigged will bethe one doing the real rigging.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion),and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/22/opinion/voting-rights-in-the-age-of-trump.html