HIGHLIGHT: Conservative news outlets are busy cataloging the reactions ofaggrieved celebrities who are inadvertently energizing the opposition.Throughout this bitter election campaign, liberal celebrities like Lady Gaga,Jennifer Lawrence, Lena Dunham and Lin-Manuel Miranda used their powerful mediaplatforms to sing Hillary Clinton's praises. Now they've invited their onlinefollowers to join them in processing her loss and protesting the impendingadministration of Donald J. Trump."I want to live in a #CountryOfKindness where #LoveTrumpsHate," Lady Gaga wroteon Twitter the day after the election. She added a photo of herself at a protestoutside Trump Tower in Manhattan, where she had climbed onto a truck in astrapless black jumpsuit and raised a pro-Clinton sign.While the angry tweets, therapeutic Instagram testimonials and fiery speechesmay comfort their fans, these left-leaning celebrities are also inadvertentlyenergizing the opposition. Conservative news outlets - most notably BreitbartNews Network, the right-wing populist enclave - are perfecting the art ofsapping Democratic stars' name recognition and repurposing their words andactions into pro-Trump material. The enormous reach that celebrities enjoy, andthe privileged bubble they live in, is wielded against them here, refashioned asevidence of the outsize control that the rich and famous have over regularAmericans.This new battle in the culture wars is being waged not by bombastic, big-nameright-wing commentators like Rush Limbaugh, but by nimble, often nameless onlineaggregators who quickly churn through popular culture and throw the mostevocative stories to their readers, often without much commentary. All it takesis a pointed headline, an unflattering photo and a few well-chosen (and real)quotes. Like this: "Lady Gaga Protests on Sanitation Truck Outside Trump Tower,"read Breitbart's headline for its article on her tweet.America is divided by its politics, its media, and as this election made evenclearer, by its celebrity influencers. In the weeks before the election, the"Avengers" director Joss Whedon booted up his own online public serviceannouncement factory, Save the Day, and recruited stars like Robert Downey Jr.,Don Cheadle and Scarlett Johansson to churn out web videos for Mrs. Clinton.Katy Perry, America Ferrera, LeBron James and Beyoncé joined Democraticcandidate at rallies.And when Vice President-elect Mike Pence caught a performance of the Broadwayhit "Hamilton" on Friday, one of the show's stars addressed him on behalf of"the diverse America who are alarmed and anxious that your new administrationwill not protect us."No offense to Paris Hilton and Pat Boone, but the president-elect doesn't havethe biggest stars on his side. Instead, Breitbart mostly uses its culture pagesto aim spitballs at Hollywood lefties. As part of its coverage of what it callsBig Hollywood, the glamour of celebrities becomes grist for the site'soverarching narrative about the corrosive influence of the cultural elite.The image Ms. Dunham posted to Instagram of a restorative trip to Sedona, Ariz.,may have played as soothingly aspirational for an audience concentrated withyoung, coastal women, but to Breitbart's demo, under the headline "'Grieving'Lena Dunham Seeks Answers in Arizona Wilderness After Trump Win," it looks likea damning shot of a celebrity who decided to jet into a red state for a quirkyvacation retreat.As the "Hamilton" controversy raged, prodded by Mr. Trump's demand that the castapologize to Mr. Pence, Breitbart pointedly reminded readers of the privatefund-raiser Mr. Miranda hosted for Mrs. Clinton during the campaign, whereticket prices ranged from $2,700 to $100,000. And just like that, a celebrityspeaking out against Mr. Trump becomes a point in his defense.Breitbart's postelection Hollywood coverage appears largely to be a coolcataloging of aggrieved celebrities, including Rick Ross (who just dropped avideo for the song "Free Enterprise," which includes a lyric that makesreference to assassinating Mr. Trump). Beneath the surface of these articles,though, is subtle signaling at work. A piece about a postelection Vice essay byJennifer Lawrence, in which she railed against the barriers still facing womenin the workplace, includes an underhanded accolade about her: She was "recentlynamed the highest-paid actress in Hollywood for the second straight year."This recent headline - "'Depressed' Robert De Niro: Trump Election Makes Me'Feel Like I Did After 9/11'" - packs a one-two punch, pairing the image of apathetic, weepy liberal with a flip attitude toward terrorism. Breitbart'sarticle on the Hamilton dust-up, titled "Tolerance: 'Hamilton' Cast LecturesMike Pence From Broadway Stage," is threaded with buzzwords - tolerance,lectures, Broadway - that cast liberals as elite, pedantic hypocrites.While Breitbart produces its share of original content - it ran an essay by AnnCoulter ridiculing whining celebrities last week - most of the conservativemedia outlets doing this work are scrappy, spammy and surprisingly banal. OnRegated, a bare-bones conservative aggregator, the "Hamilton" incident wasinflated into a full-blown class war: "Just like clockwork, the rich elitistliberals come out to mock the poor. Hamilton cast members along with otherliberals took to Twitter to mock and bully the less fortunate people inAmerica."But much of the text generated by these sites is barely politicized. Theconservative online outlet Patriotic Folks recently aggregated quotes from aLady Gaga essay, published in Harper's Bazaar, about how she was "depressed andhurt" about Mr. Trump's remarks about women, and worked in just a whiff ofcommentary: "Women are fighting for their lives because of the leaked 'AccessHollywood' tape where Donald Trump makes lewd comments, or at least that's whatLady Gaga thinks." Highlighting words like "hurt" and "depressed" works like alow-frequency conservative dog whistle, signaling to readers who want to revelin liberals' pain or ridicule them as emotional children.Postelection, Breitbart may appear little different from any celebrity-newsaggregator. But the site's greater political context, as a breeding ground forextremists, adds another layer. Breitbart is the site that boosted Stephen K.Bannon to a thought leader. (Once the site's executive chairman, he took a leaveof absence to steer Mr. Trump's campaign and now has a top White Houseposition.) With that in mind, an article calling attention to Ms. Dunham'sJewish faith feels like a bone thrown to the site's white nationalist readers.And the catalog of slighted celebrities starts to read like something of astar-studded enemies list.The real ideological action is undertaken by the audience, whose members readbetween the lines of these culture pieces and then scribble in the margins.Breitbart's two posts on Ms. Dunham have amassed more than 10,000 comments,including this insight: "Lena was an awesome Trump vote recruiter." Meanwhile,the muted Patriotic Folks piece on Lady Gaga soon migrated to a pro-TrumpFacebook page that reaches millions, Make America Great Today, which shared itwith a baiting line, "More white women voted for Donald J. Trump than HillaryClinton."Lefty celebrities have long been preaching to the choir, but they areincreasingly galvanizing the other side when their chatter is rerouted into anonline conservative echo chamber. A study last year by the Bowling Green StateUniversity professors David Jackson and Melissa Miller found that celebritypolitical statements were highly polarizing to a sample set of Ohio voters, andthat no celebrity - not Trace Adkins, not Ted Nugent, not even Oprah - waslikely to inspire net positive votes for his or her candidate of choice.These right-wing aggregators make sure that any leftist celebrity's politicalreach will be neutralized by a backlash from people who don't idolize and agreewith them. None of that is likely to stop celebrities from using their ownsoapboxes to promote their politics. But they would be smart to consider howtheir words will play on other platforms, too.PHOTOS: Lady Gaga, protesting at Trump Tower, wrote on Twitter, "I want to livein a #CountryOfKindness where #LoveTrumpsHate." (PHOTOGRAPH BY DOMINICKREUTER/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE - GETTY IMAGES); Breitbart News uses its culturepages to aim spitballs at stars. (C4)