HIGHLIGHT: Chris Smith's oral history traces the 16-year sprint that turned "TheDaily Show" from a second-rate cable presentation into a vital institution inAmerican politics and the media.THE DAILY SHOW (THE BOOK)An Oral HistoryBy Chris SmithIllustrated. 459 pp. Grand Central Publishing. $30.After an election in which facts could be oh so elusive, it's instructive tolook back to 2003.That's when several "Daily Show" staff members heard a speech from PresidentGeorge W. Bush that directly contradicted things the presidential candidateGeorge W. Bush had said about foreign policy. It dawned on them to pull old tapeand set up a mock debate in a split screen: Bush versus Bush.It was a breakthrough for Jon Stewart's show."If we, as basically stoner comedy people, could remember it, how was itpossible that the actual media couldn't remember it, or didn't care, or didn'tthink it was important?" Ben Karlin, a former producer of the show, says.That's one valuable anecdote in this exhaustive oral history, which traces the16-year sprint that turned "The Daily Show" from a second-rate cablepresentation into a vital institution in American politics and the media.The book, compiled by the New York magazine contributing editor Chris Smith,rides through moments of history like the 2000 recount, Sept. 11, the 2004election and the Obama years, explaining how all of it altered and refined "TheDaily Show" with Stewart at the helm.As in other late-night show tales, the best stories here involve contract talks.And the book breaks plenty of news. It reveals that in 2012, negotiations forStewart and Stephen Colbert - whose show "The Colbert Report" followed "TheDaily Show" on Comedy Central - became so tense, both stars temporarily quit.The appointed villain is Philippe Dauman, former chairman of Comedy Central'sparent company, Viacom. Colbert was ready to stay through the 2016 election, butDauman refused. (That worked out well for Colbert, who in 2014 was hired toreplace David Letterman on CBS. "Thank God they said no," he says.) Stewart alsoblames Viacom for botching the chance to sign John Oliver as his replacementbefore Oliver left for his successful HBO show.But delicious stories like these - the lifeblood of any oral history - can alsobe fleeting. When the journalists James Andrew Miller and Tom Shales paired upto compile oral histories of "Saturday Night Live" and ESPN, there were tales ofsex and drugs. But "The Daily Show" was a different animal. "The drug storiesare pretty lame," Elliott Kalan, a writer on the show, tells Smith. "The sexstories are pretty lame."The "Daily Show" staff was, instead, mostly hard-working. There are allusions tounhappiness in the writers' room because of Stewart's autocratic rule, with oneproducer saying "plenty of people" would describe Stewart as a tyrant. But theproducer in question wasn't one of them, and only rarely does any actualbitterness spill onto the page.Instead, there's space dedicated to grindingly banal details like how morningand afternoon meetings were crucial to the show's success. One producer isquoted discussing the pride she took in organizing a staff clambake and winetasting.The book's tone can be a bit wide-eyed, too. After "The Daily Show" wins one ofits first Emmy Awards, Smith writes that despite their commercial and criticalsuccess, "Stewart and the staff, to a remarkable degree, stayed focused on thetask of creating 160 or so shows each year."Still, the book is a valuable reminder of the show's role in introducing an eraof video-based fact-checking in American politics. Producers recount seeing apolitician lie on CNN, only to have the reporter respond, "Well, we'll have toleave it there" - a too-common occurrence. "The Daily Show" ran a segmentholding both the politician and the network accountable."I think Jon's joke was, 'Don't leave it there. There is a terrible place toleave it!'[#x200a]" the producer Ramin Hedayati tells Smith. "Now when somethingcrazy happens on CNN, there are five blogs that flag it. Back then, it waseither us or no one."John Koblin covers television for the media section of The Times.PHOTO: Jon Stewart (PHOTOGRAPH BY NORMAN JEAN ROY/COMEDY CENTRAL (2002))