President-elect Donald J. Trump has made an illogically logical choice for hisTreasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin.Mr. Mnuchin's Wall Street past will rankle Democrats. But unlike many peoplewhom Mr. Trump has put on his team, he is neither an ideologue nor a populist.He is also well qualified for the job, bipartisan and relatively reserved.Mr. Mnuchin's career as a financier will not make for a smooth ride thoughconfirmation hearings. He spent 17 years at Goldman Sachs, working in mortgagesecurities before becoming chief information officer. He left in 2002 to set uphis own hedge fund, Dune Capital, which helped finance hit movies like''Avatar.'' And he and fellow investors made a 150 percent profit in five yearsturning around the defunct mortgage lender IndyMac Bank, which they bought in2009 and renamed OneWest Bank.Lobbying groups are already coming out against his nomination, in part becauseof accusations that OneWest Bank's foreclosure policies were too aggressive.People ''should be terrified by the prospect of a Treasury Secretary Mnuchin,''the Take on Wall Street campaign said on Tuesday.Republicans, though, have the majority needed to confirm him. He is not aRepublican through and through. He has given money multiple times to SenatorChuck Schumer, Democrat of New York, who will be the next Senate leader for theDemocrats. He donated to President Obama's first presidential campaign andraised money this year for Kamala Harris, a Democrat who won a California Senateseat in this month's election.He even recently floated the idea of creating an infrastructure bank, a planpitched earlier by Hillary Clinton. That suggests a more pragmatic approach tothe job than, say the attorney general nominee, Jeff Sessions, or the health andhuman services appointee, Tom Price.Such an approach could help him balance competing views while pushing for someof Mr. Trump's major first-year goals, like a tax code overhaul, infrastructurespending and a government budget that could substantially increase the nationaldebt.In a rare quality for Washington insiders, Mr. Mnuchin also does not seek thelimelight, which could appeal to lawmakers who are eager to take credit forpolicy victories. It all bodes well for America's fiscal policy.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/30/business/dealbook/steven-mnuchin-is-more-pragmatist-than-ideologue.html