NEW CASTLE, Del. -- The nearby factory that made Dodge Durangos closed eightyears ago. The General Motors Boxwood Road Plant -- open since 1947 -- closedthe next year. So did the oil refinery in Delaware City.In the span of a year during the financial crisis, once-prosperous northernDelaware had to confront post-industrial devastation.It's sort of the devastation that now has the country's attention. Donald Trumpwon the presidency with huge margins in places left behind. He lost the popularvote, but won 26 of the 30 lowest-income states, including the old powerhousesof Pennsylvania, Ohio and Michigan.These places are stuck in what I call the Great American Stagnation. Tens ofmillions of people have experienced scant progress for decades. Median net worthis lower than in the 1980s, and middle-aged whites, shockingly, aren't living aslong as they used to. Ending this stagnation is the central political problem ofour age: It fuels Trumpian anger and makes every other societal problem harderto solve.I came here to New Castle looking for a jolt of hope after the terriblydispiriting presidential campaign. I came to see one of the more promisingattacks on the Great American Stagnation.In the wake of the financial crisis, Delaware's new governor, Jack Markell, andother officials did obvious things, like using stimulus money to stem the damageand even managing to reopen the refinery. But Markell, who'd run as an insurgentDemocrat, understood that nostalgia alone wouldn't help families pay theirbills. So he began looking for ways both to save old jobs and to create newones. His answer wasn't original -- but that's O.K., because it was right.In his almost eight years in office, he has made his No. 1 priority lifting theskills of Delaware's citizens. He worked on traditional education, expandinghigh-quality pre-K and helping low-income teenagers go to college. And he workedon what academic researchers like Robert Schwartz call ''the forgotten half'':the many students who won't graduate from college but who also need strongskills to find decent jobs. Their struggles are a major reason that America'swork force is no longer considered the world's most highly skilled.It's too early for a final verdict in the state, but the signs are encouraging.High school graduation rates have jumped. Educational attainment is aboveaverage -- as are incomes. The jobless rate is 4.3 percent.New Castle, on the Delaware River, is telling, because it has focused on skillswhile staying true to its blue-collar roots. It's home to the state's largesthigh school, William Penn, which has long educated the children of workers fromGeneral Motors and the refinery. By 2011, enrollment had fallen by nearly 20percent as students fled for other options.''People came out and said, 'The high school is not serving the community,'''the former principal, Jeffrey Menzer, told me. ''They wanted more careeropportunities, more hands-on stuff.''Markell makes a similar point: ''A lot of kids who drop out of high school --they don't drop out because they're not intelligent. They drop out because theythink what they're learning is not relevant to the rest of their lives.''William Penn reorganized itself into 20 different ''majors,'' and every studentmust pick one, be it manufacturing, computer science or agriculture. (The statehas a broader version of the program, called Pathways to Prosperity.) One goal,of course, is to prepare students for a career. When William Penn tried to starta nursing major, the state pushed back, pointing to a glut of such programs --and the school started a medical-diagnostics major instead.But having a major can also help students who don't know what they want to bewhen they grow up. It connects book learning to real life. It can help launchthem into college or a certificate program and avoid the epidemic of academicdrift. No wonder enrollment at William Penn has improved.Kiara Roach, a senior, told me that she didn't care about her grades, or do verywell, until she became passionate about cooking. (As she told me this, I wasenjoying a moist pork sandwich in a teacher cafe she helps run.) Mike Rodriguez,who one day hopes to start a heating-and-cooling business, said: ''I get boredin class. I like standing up and working on something.'' Jacob Sobolesky, ajunior, told me: ''There's only so much you can learn from word of mouth.''Many people in New Castle, not to mention the industrial Midwest, feel a deepcultural connection to craftsmanship -- to making things and working with theirhands. They're not inspired by working in cubicles or comfortable offices.At the same time, they can't simply do as previous generations did and graduatefrom high school into a good job. They can't bring back yesterday's economy.They need blue-collar skill-building to thrive.The country has failed to provide nearly enough of that skill-building, andwe're all living with the consequences.You can join me on Twitter (@DLeonhardt) and Facebook. I am also writing a dailyemail newsletter until the election and invite you to subscribe.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion).URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/22/opinion/a-jolt-of-blue-collar-hope.html