It was the morning after the election. The bottle of Champagne I'd opened aspart of an anticipated victory celebration still sat on the coffee table, onlyone-third finished, the unconsumed flat remainder marking the exact moment thatmy future, as a transgender American, became uncertain.I wanted to hear Hillary Clinton's concession speech, but she was late to thepodium. On TV, a commentator speculated that Mrs. Clinton had lost because ofher party's focus on things like trans rights -- ''boutique issues,'' they werecalled.A boutique -- a place where you'd shop for, say, artisan pantyhose -- is not thefirst place I'd associate with an individual's quest for equal protection underthe law, but then what did I know? I was now one of the people from whom thecountry had been ''taken back.''The phrase echoed unpleasantly in my mind. A boutique issue? Is this what myfellow Americans had thought of my fight for dignity all along?It wasn't the first time I'd heard it. This summer, Bill Maher cautioned that''there's no room for boutique issues in an Armageddon election.'' Hevolunteered to put his own pet cause -- ''legalized weed'' -- to one side if itwould help the party win Ohio. ''And you know me, I have seeds in my urine.''Apparently providing a person like me with health care and protecting me fromviolence and discrimination in the workplace were on the same order of magnitudeas the right to roll a doober.Nov. 8 is over, and legalized pot did very well, thank you. The future ofL.G.B.T. rights is more tenuous.This is not only because Donald J. Trump's administration is filling up withpeople who oppose L.G.B.T. equality. It's because the Democrats may now dismissour urgent needs as unaffordable luxuries, and back off the fight. As a localDemocratic official in Ohio put it in a memo to the Clinton campaign: ''Look,I'm as progressive as anybody, O.K.? But people in the heartland thought theDemocratic Party cared more about where someone else went to the restroom thanwhether they had a good-paying job.''I was present in 2014 when President Obama signed an executive order expanding aban on L.G.B.T. discrimination in the workplace, so close to the president thatI could have thrown glitter into his graying hair if I'd taken the notion. Itwas one of the proudest moments of my life.That order could be one of the first things to go in January when PresidentTrump ''erases the Obama presidency'' on Day 1 of his administration (in thewords of Stephen Moore, a Trump adviser and Heritage Foundation fellow). Otherissues on the chopping block could include the lifting of the ban on transgendermilitary service and the Justice Department's backing of trans students underTitle IX.Mr. Trump has occasionally expressed support for L.G.B.T. issues, although, asusual, it's impossible to know his core values. He has opposed a constitutionalamendment banning marriage equality. And yet he's also pledged to appoint aSupreme Court justice who would overturn the Supreme Court's ruling thatlegalized same-sex marriage.If his intentions are unclear, those of the people around him are anything but.Mike Pence, his vice president-elect, is one of the most extreme opponents ofgay, lesbian and transgender people in the nation. In Indiana, he signed a billto jail same-sex couples applying for a marriage license. He wanted to divertfunding from H.I.V. programs to conversion therapy. He opposed the repeal of''don't ask, don't tell.''On the state level, L.G.B.T. people face even greater losses. One advocacy groupputs the number of anti-L.G.B.T. bills waiting to be introduced nationwide nextyear at more than 200. Texas is likely to lead the way. Its Senate Bill 242would punish teachers who keep students' sexual identities private from theirparents -- in effect forcing them to out the students. Senate Bill 92 would voidlocal anti-discrimination ordinances. And the so-called Women's Privacy Act,like House Bill 2 in North Carolina, would force transgender people to use thebathroom of the gender on their birth certificate, regardless of their anatomy,appearance or identification.Across the country, L.G.B.T. activists fear the advance of other laws pushingback against the progress that's been made over the last eight years. Some willcome in the form of First Amendment Defense Acts. These would legalizeanti-L.G.B.T. discriminatory actions by employers, health care providers,landlords and other businesses -- as long as these are motivated by religiousbelief.Who will fight against these laws, if Democrats give up on their commitment tojustice? Colin Jost, on ''Saturday Night Live,'' made light of this when henoted the new Tinder feature giving users 37 different gender options. He said,''It's called 'Why Democrats Lost the Election.' ''I don't deny that a generalized fear of ''political correctness'' contributed tothe resentment of some Trump voters. But Mrs. Clinton hardly campaigned as anL.G.B.T. firebrand. In fact, there's really only one race in which L.G.B.T.rights played a major role -- the governorship of North Carolina, where theRepublican incumbent, Pat McCrory, rammed House Bill 2 through his Legislaturelast spring.A recount is underway, but Mr. McCrory is for now at least 10,000 votes short ofre-election. His relentless campaign against L.G.B.T. people led to an economicbacklash from corporate America and -- perhaps of greater offense to the peopleof North Carolina -- from the N.C.A.A., which moved championship basketballgames out of the state. If he hadn't taken the issue on, he would most likely beon the threshold of his second term.When Mr. Obama signed that executive order in 2014, he said, ''We've got anobligation to make sure that the country we love remains a place where no matterwho you are, or what you look like, or where you come from, or how you startedout, or what your last name is, or who you love -- no matter what, you can makeit in this country.''This is not a boutique truth, but an American truth.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion),and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/02/opinion/really-youre-blaming-transgender-people-for-trump.html