The critical weekend before Election Day was set to be a busy one for Gov. ChrisChristie of New Jersey; he was to campaign for Donald J. Trump in thebattleground states of New Hampshire and Pennsylvania.Then that Friday, a federal jury convicted two of the governor's former aides inthe George Washington Bridge lane-closing trial. Mr. Christie, a Republican,canceled the campaign events and accepted a new invitation: The night beforeElection Day, he appeared on ''Charlie Rose,'' not to talk about Mr. Trump, hisparty's presidential nominee, but to defend himself against weeks of damagingtestimony in the trial.In the orbit around Mr. Trump -- which, like the one around Mr. Christie, prizesloyalty -- the governor's moves so close to the election were seen as proof thatfor all his early support of Mr. Trump, Mr. Christie was out more for himselfthan for the man at the top of the ticket. He may as well have been broadcastingthat Mr. Trump was going to lose.Three days after he won the election, President-elect Trump deposed Mr. Christieas leader of his transition team. Many fingers pointed at Mr. Trump'sson-in-law, Jared Kushner, whose father had been sent to prison by Mr. Christie,then the top federal prosecutor in New Jersey, on charges of tax evasion andillegal campaign contributions.But Mr. Christie's unceremonious dismissal was more a pileup of grievances inthe weeks before the election, according to interviews with people close to thegovernor and the campaign.No one has publicly ruled out a role for Mr. Christie in the Trumpadministration; on Sunday, the governor was among those the president-elect metwith at his golf club in Bedminster, N.J. But the meeting was much shorter thanothers that day, only about 20 minutes.The two men emerged before cameras just before Mr. Christie departed, for a10-second handshake that looked almost like a tug of war. The governor smiledforcibly, and Mr. Trump gave no indication that he was under consideration forany jobs -- unlike with other potential job candidates he met.The jobs Mr. Christie wanted -- friends say he would have like to have beenWhite House chief of staff or attorney general -- have been assigned to others.Mr. Christie's fall in the Trump circle was weeks in the making. There wasalready grumbling, particularly from former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani of NewYork, and from Mr. Trump's children. Mr. Christie, they believed, had goneoff-message after an ''Access Hollywood'' tape was released in which Mr. Trumpmade vulgar comments about women; the governor first canceled Sunday showappearances, then emerged on the radio the next week to call Mr. Trump'scomments ''indefensible.''Spending on the Trump transition effort, which Mr. Christie was leading, wasalready higher than what the transition team of Hillary Clinton, the Democraticnominee, had spent, even though polls showed her winning. And some around Mr.Trump complained that Mr. Christie was using his post to promote his own people,including his former chief of staff and his former law partner, who were runningthe team day to day, and one of his longtime supporters, Bob Grady, who had beenrecommended for several positions.The friendship between Mr. Christie and Mr. Trump, while never deep, has alwaysbeen pragmatic. And several people interviewed said they had begun to patch upany break with a conversation on the Saturday after the president-elect removedthe governor as leader of his transition team. That continued with the meetingon Sunday at the golf club, not far from Mr. Christie's home.Jon Bramnick, the leader of the Republican minority in the New Jersey Assemblyand one of the governor's most steadfast supporters, said, ''Both Trump andChristie are the type that they're loyal to their friends, and I suspect thatlong term it will work out, whether it's a position now or later.''But the Trump roller coaster has been particularly jolting for Mr. Christie.The two men met, according to Mr. Christie, through Mr. Trump's sister, afederal judge, shortly after Mr. Christie became United States attorney for NewJersey in 2002. Mr. Christie liked to be around celebrity; Mr. Trump, who ownedseveral casinos in Atlantic City, liked to know people in charge.As the testimony in the lane-closing trial showed, Mr. Christie began planning arun for president in 2016 shortly after taking office in 2010. Mr. Trump's runstarted out looking like more of a flirtation with the office. But in a crowdedfield of Republicans, he soon occupied the position Mr. Christie expected totake, as the tell-it-like-it-is candidate not afraid to challenge the way thingshad always been done.Mr. Christie had struggled to bounce back from the scandal since January 2014,when a legislative subpoena revealed that his deputy chief of staff had sent anemail calling for ''some traffic problems'' in the town that was gridlocked bythe closings, to punish a mayor who had declined to endorse the governor.After the governor failed in his attempt to make a good showing in the NewHampshire primary contest in February, he endorsed Mr. Trump. He became thefirst major establishment Republican to do so. He also alienated many friendsand financial backers and saw his poll numbers drop to a new low.Mr. Christie was, again, pragmatic, saying it was clear to him that Mr. Trumpwould be the nominee. ''If he had not been in the race, it would have been me,''the governor said at a news conference at the time.On the campaign trail, he endured public ridicule, when he stood obedient andsilent next to Mr. Trump on Super Tuesday on March 1. Mr. Trump himself mockedthe governor for eating too many Oreos and for abandoning his state to run forpresident.Mr. Christie publicly said he hoped to be Mr. Trump's vice-presidential nominee.And he was said to be bitterly disappointed when Mr. Trump's children andcampaign manager prevailed on the candidate to instead choose Gov. Mike Pence ofIndiana.Mr. Trump made Mr. Christie chief of the transition. But the governor was stillstruggling with the scandal, after revelations on the stand that he had knownabout the lane closings even as they were happening and did nothing to reversethem.On Election Day, Mr. Christie voted in the dark of early morning, a contrast toearlier years when he invited cameras and reporters along by indicating on hispublic schedule what time he would go to the polls.Mr. Trump's surprise upset seemed to offer another chance at resurrection. Mr.Christie appeared on the ''Today'' show, demurring on the question of whether hewanted to be chief of staff or attorney general, saying his most important jobwas the transition. ''If there's some role for me that I want to do, and thatthe president-elect wants me to do,'' he said, ''we've known each other for 14years -- we'll talk.''The next day, Mr. Trump announced that Mr. Christie would no longer lead thetransition.The governor has now given signals that he is planning to serve out his term inNew Jersey. On Monday, he held his first cabinet meeting in a long time. Late onWednesday afternoon, he had bumped his lieutenant governor, Kim Guadagno, as thekeynote speaker at an annual statewide convention of mayors in Atlantic City,which he has skipped since 2011.Appearing the next day -- Lieutenant Governor Guadagno's name was still on theprograms -- Mr. Christie said, ''I have no reason to believe that I will doanything other than serve out my full term as governor and turn the keys of theoffice over to whoever you select in November of 2017 to replace me.''''I've had a pretty good run,'' he added.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/21/nyregion/grievances-and-grumblings-long-before-chris-christies-fall-in-donald-trumps-circle.html