President-elect Donald J. Trump on Tuesday tempered some of his most extremecampaign promises, dropping his vow to jail Hillary Clinton, expressing doubtabout the value of torturing terrorism suspects and pledging to have an openmind about climate change.But in a wide-ranging hourlong interview with reporters and editors at The NewYork Times -- which was scheduled, canceled and then reinstated after a disputeover the ground rules -- Mr. Trump was unapologetic about flouting some of thetraditional ethical and political conventions that have long shaped the Americanpresidency.He said he had no legal obligation to establish boundaries between his businessempire and his White House, conceding that the Trump brand ''is certainly ahotter brand than it was before.'' Still, he said he would try to figure out away to insulate himself from his businesses, which would be run by his children.He defended Stephen K. Bannon, his chief strategist, against charges of racism,calling him a ''decent guy.'' And he mocked Republicans who had failed tosupport him in his unorthodox presidential campaign.In the midday meeting in the 16th-floor boardroom of The Times's publisher,Arthur Sulzberger Jr., Mr. Trump seemed confident even as he said he was awed byhis new job. ''It is a very overwhelming job, but I'm not overwhelmed by it,''he said.He displayed a jumble of impulses, many of them conflicting. He was magnanimoustoward Mrs. Clinton, but boastful about his victory. He was open-minded aboutsome of his positions, uncompromising about others.The interview demonstrated the volatility in Mr. Trump's positions.He said he had no interest in pressing for Mrs. Clinton's prosecution over heruse of a private email server or for financial acts committed by the ClintonFoundation. ''I don't want to hurt the Clintons, I really don't,'' he said.On the issue of torture, Mr. Trump suggested he had changed his mind about thevalue of waterboarding after talking with James N. Mattis, a retired MarineCorps general, who headed the United States Central Command.''He said, 'I've never found it to be useful,''' Mr. Trump said. He added thatMr. Mattis found more value in building trust and rewarding cooperation withterrorism suspects: '''Give me a pack of cigarettes and a couple of beers, andI'll do better.'''''I was very impressed by that answer,'' Mr. Trump said.Torture, he said, is ''not going to make the kind of a difference that a lot ofpeople are thinking.''Mr. Trump repeated that Mr. Mattis was being ''seriously, seriously considered''to be secretary of defense. ''I think it's time, maybe, for a general,'' hesaid.On climate change, Mr. Trump refused to repeat his promise to abandon theinternational climate accord reached last year in Paris, saying, ''I'm lookingat it very closely.'' Despite the recent appointment to his transition team of afierce critic of the Paris accords, Mr. Trump said that ''I have an open mind toit'' and that clean air and ''crystal clear water'' were vitally important.He held out assurances that he did not intend to embrace extremist positions insome areas. He vigorously denounced a white nationalist conference last weekendin Washington, where attendees gave the Nazi salute and criticized Jews.Asked about his antagonism with the news media and his vow to toughen libellaws, Mr. Trump offered no specifics but told the group, ''I think you'll behappy.''Despite his frequent attacks against what he has dubbed the ''failing New YorkTimes,'' Mr. Trump seemed to go out of his way to praise the institution, whichhe called ''a great, great American jewel, world jewel.'' He did, however, sayhe believed The Times had been too tough on him during the campaign.Pressed to respond to criticism in other areas, he was defiant. He declared that''the law's totally on my side'' when it comes to questions about conflict ofinterest and ethics laws. ''The president can't have a conflict of interest,''he said.He said it would be extremely difficult to sell off his businesses because theyare real estate holdings. He said that he would ''like to do something'' andcreate some kind of arrangement to separate his businesses from his work ingovernment. He noted that he had turned over the management of his businesses tohis children, which ethics lawyers say is not sufficient to prevent conflicts ofinterest.He insisted that he could still invite business partners into the White Housefor grip-and-grin photographs. He said that critics were pressuring him to gobeyond what he was willing to do, including distancing himself from his childrenwhile they run his businesses.''If it were up to some people,'' he said, ''I would never, ever see my daughterIvanka again.''Mr. Trump did not dispute reports that he had used a meeting last week withNigel Farage, the U.K. Independence Party leader, to raise his opposition tooffshore wind farms. Mr. Trump has long complained that wind farms would mar theview from his golf course in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.''I might have brought it up,'' Mr. Trump said, then argued he had done sobecause of policy concerns about wind farms rather than any personal interest.Mr. Trump rejected the idea that he was bound by federal antinepotism laws frominstalling his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, in a White House job. But he said hewould want to avoid the appearance of a conflict and might instead seek to makeMr. Kushner a special envoy charged with brokering peace in the Middle East.''The president of the United States is allowed to have whatever conflicts he orshe wants, but I don't want to do that,'' Mr. Trump said. But he said that Mr.Kushner, who is an observant Jew, ''could be very helpful'' in reconciling thelongstanding dispute between the Israelis and the Palestinians.''I would love to be able to be the one that made peace with Israel and thePalestinians,'' Mr. Trump said, adding that Mr. Kushner ''would be very good atit'' and that ''he knows the region.''''A lot of people tell me, really great people tell me, that it's impossible --you can't do it,'' Mr. Trump added. ''I disagree. I think you can make peace.''''I have reason to believe I can do it,'' he added.Mr. Trump spoke only in general terms about foreign policy. He said the UnitedStates should not ''be a nation builder,'' repeated his line from the campaignthat fighting the war in Iraq was ''one of the great mistakes in the history ofour country,'' and said he has some ''very definitive'' and ''strong ideas''about how to deal with the violent civil war raging in Syria. He declined to saywhat those ideas are despite several requests to do so.''We have to end that craziness that's going on in Syria,'' he said.The president-elect said that he had talked with President Vladimir V. Putin ofRussia since winning the election, but he did not elaborate. He said it would be''nice'' if he and Mr. Putin could get along, but he rejected the idea that anywarming of relations would be called a ''reset,'' noting the criticism that Mrs.Clinton received after her attempts at bettering relations between the countriesfailed.''I wouldn't use that term after what happened,'' Mr. Trump said.Mr. Trump made a forceful defense of Mr. Bannon, whom he named as his chiefstrategist and who has drawn charges of racism and anti-Semitism. This summer,Mr. Bannon called Breitbart News, the website he led, ''the platform for thealt-right,'' a white nationalist movement.Mr. Trump said Mr. Bannon had been dismayed at the reaction to his hiring.''I've known Steve Bannon a long time. If I thought he was a racist oralt-right,'' he said, ''I wouldn't even think about hiring him.''Mr. Trump added: ''I think he's having a hard time with it because it's not him.I think he's been treated very unfairly.''He also defended Breitbart, which has carried racist and anti-Semitic content,saying it was no different from The Times, only ''much more conservative.''Mr. Trump said he hoped to develop a ''great long-term relationship'' withPresident Obama, with whom he said he had an unexpected rapport. ''I reallyliked him a lot, and I am a little bit surprised that I am telling you that Ireally liked him a lot,'' he said.And Mr. Trump gloated about defying the polls and the expectations of his ownparty to win the presidency, and boasted of how he had taken his revenge onRepublicans who kept him at a distance and then lost their own races.He said that one of them, Senator Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire, would ''love tohave a job in the administration.''''I said, 'No, thank you,''' Mr. Trump said of Ms. Ayotte, who lost her Senateseat to Gov. Maggie Hassan of New Hampshire. ''She refused to vote for me.''He also criticized Representative Joe Heck of Nevada, who vacillated oversupporting Mr. Trump after an 11-year-old recording surfaced in which Mr. Trumpbragged in lewd terms about grabbing women without their consent.''He went down like a lead balloon,'' Mr. Trump said of Mr. Heck. ''I said, 'Offthe record, I hope you lose.'''He said Republican leaders felt indebted to him for his surprise victory.''Right now,'' Mr. Trump said, ''they're in love with me.''Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and in theMorning Briefing newsletter.URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/22/us/politics/donald-trump-visit.html