HIGHLIGHT: Mitch McConnell should help retirees who worked in a dangerousindustry and deserve what was promised by contract.The troubled coal industry, which stirred such great political concern duringthe presidential campaign, is about to take on a decidedly human dimension inthe Senate. A bipartisan push is underway there to rescue the failing pensionand health benefits of thousands of retired union coal miners. Their benefitplans have become severely underfunded during the industry's downturn, as coalcompanies declare bankruptcy and renege on obligations to workers at a time whenthere are fewer young miners to contribute support.One by one, hard-pressed coal companies have been bailing out on contractpromises. The latest, Patriot Coal's benefit fund, told 12,500 retirees lastmonth that their health coverage will stop on Dec. 31. More than 10,000 otherretired workers face similar cutoffs over the next year, according to the Senatesponsors of an emergency rescue plan. It would tap into funds from an existingmine cleanup program in order to bolster union health and retirement plans withan estimated contribution of $220 million a year.The plan, called the Miners Protection Act, was sent for floor action by abipartisan 18-to-8 vote of the Senate Finance Committee in September. But it hasrun into trouble with the Republican majority leader, Mitch McConnell ofKentucky. He questions why the bill would protect only members of the UnitedMine Workers of America, which has an estimated 89,000 pensioned miners andfamily members and 22,000 workers vested for the future.The senator's concern for nonunion miners seems a classic example of a hackneyedlegislative tactic - arguing for the perfect to block the good. He should dropit and help retirees who worked in a dangerous industry and deserve what waspromised by contract in the halcyon days of Big Coal.Mr. McConnell blames the Obama administration for the industry's troubles,insisting that its "ideological" regulatory policies have hurt miners more thanthey have helped the environment. It's true that clean air rules (many predatingMr. Obama) have required costly investments in pollution controls and helpeddrive some old coal-fired power plants out of business. But a far greater factorin coal's demise has been the boom in cheaper, cleaner natural gas. Coal oncegenerated more than half the electricity in the United States. Its share is nowcloser to 30 percent.Mr. McConnell ignores more than market forces in opposing the bill. He seemsblind as well to a federal commitment to miners that dates back 70 years to thebare-knuckle unionism of the miners' John L. Lewis.The plan has firm support from Democratic senators, but its success is inserious doubt, given Mr. McConnell's stance. (He insists that the United MineWorkers's endorsement of his opponent two years ago in a re-election race is"irrelevant" to his views.) He says he hopes "we can find a way forward" on theissue. Fast floor action to help thousands of coal miners is the obvious wayforward.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter, and sign upfor the Opinion Today newsletter.