HIGHLIGHT: Readers differ on whether recounts should take place and how TheTimes reported the news.To the Editor:Re "Trump Promotes a Baseless Claim on Illegal Voting" (front page, Nov. 28):Donald Trump claims that millions of people voted illegally. If he trulybelieves that, then he is duty-bound to demand an immediate recount and see toit that the election was carried out legally. If not, then he should recognizethat this is no longer the campaign and that he can no longer simply make stuffup any time he feels like it. Enough.JEREMY DRIESENNew YorkTo the Editor:During the election campaign, when Donald Trump was asked if he would accept theelection results, he said "I'll keep you in suspense," and for this he waspilloried mercilessly by The Times and the rest of the liberal media. HillaryClinton said she was "horrified."Now that the election is over, the shoe is on the other foot, and it is HillaryClinton and the liberals who are not accepting the clear results. However, nowthere is no outcry, no expression of outrage from The Times and the otherliberal media.MAX WISOTSKYHighland Park, N.J.To the Editor:As a voter who supported Hillary Clinton throughout the campaign, I think thather participation in a recount is misguided. At this point, rather than carryingout a sense of duty to the millions of us who voted for her, Mrs. Clinton andher supporters should be working to help the country heal, accept what we cannotchange, and find ways to mitigate the damage of a Trump presidency.ANNE-MARIE HISLOPChicagoTo the Editor:Thank you, New York Times, for your front-page headline: "Trump Promotes aBaseless Claim on Illegal Voting." Words like "baseless," right up high, derailattempts to create fake news.My husband and I subscribed to your paper right after the election because webelieve that a free and independent press is vital, and we want to support it.Thanks for keeping it real and honest!LAURA HOLMESBrewster, N.Y.To the Editor:As a former newspaper reporter, I am saddened by the continuing blur betweeneditorial commentary and news coverage. In another age, the word "baseless" inyour front-page headline would have been reserved for the editorial page, whereit belongs.The Times and other respectable news organizations should resist the temptationto join others (most notably Fox News) as they drop their conclusions into newsstories. Please allow me, the reader, to draw a conclusion for myself.DAVID E. LANGFORDAtlantaTo the Editor:Re "U.S. Officials Stand By Vote Despite Fears" (front page, Nov. 26):I strongly disagree with the Obama administration's position. As a politicalscientist, and someone who has worked as an election observer around the world,I believe that there are two important reasons that warrant a recount inWisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania.First, the elections were conducted in a context of credible threats of externalinterference and cyber-manipulation. These were serious enough to warrant notonly a look into the current situation, but also a bigger discussion about ourvoting methods in general.Second, the recount will draw attention to the problem of electronic votingmachines that do not produce a paper trail. Election observation agencies havelong advised states to remove or not to adopt such machines, because of thethreat of software manipulation and the inability of conducting an actualrecount. This is one of the main reasons that a lot of developed countries haveshied away from this technology.We should treat the recount as an opportunity to address and deal with theseissues now.KLARA BILGINFairfax, Va.The writer is dean of the School of Public and International Affairs at VirginiaInternational University.