The markets are always fickle, but since the presidential election, the tastesof traders in stocks, bonds and commodities have conspicuously changed.In the first hours of Donald J. Trump's victory, stock futures plunged, only toreverse themselves and surge upward. Bonds at first strengthened and then fellsharply in price as yields leapt higher. Specific sectors reversed themselves,too. Financial stocks, which were earthbound, began levitating. Utility stocks,which were in high demand, fell out of favor.''We haven't seen changes like these in ages,'' said Dave Mazza, head ofexchange traded funds and mutual fund research for State Street Global Advisors.The question now is whether the markets' preferences will change abruptly again.Some rollback toward pre-Trump market preferences can be expected, of course.''Some of what we saw initially was just animal spirits and momentum,'' saidJames W. Paulsen, chief investment strategist at Wells Fargo Asset Management.''The market often overreacts and then corrects itself, and that has beenhappening.''Yet it is possible that the election could be remembered as a pivotal moment inthe markets, and in politics -- and not just because a new Republican-controlledgovernment is likely to enact some very different policies. It is at leastarguable that the election has given the markets the impetus, and the excuse, tosolidify deeper trends that were already underway.''The election shock has accelerated some changes that were already beginning tobe evident -- in a much smaller way,'' Mr. Paulsen said. ''I think that some ofthose trends are likely to stick.''There is no denying that the election's outcome took the markets by surprise.The overwhelming assumption in financial circles, and in the polls, was thatHillary Clinton would win and that Mr. Trump would lose. The further expectationwas that in the unlikely event of a Trump victory, there would be a major stockmarket decline. But that occurred for only several hours, and then there was apowerful stock market rally, which has slowed but not stopped.That's only part of the story. A revaluation of a wide range of assets andsecurities has been taking place. Recent stars have faded, in the market'stransitory judgment. New investments are in vogue.Traders have been voting with their dollars. Using State Street sectorexchange-traded funds as a proxy for the broader market, Mr. Mazza reportedunusually high inflows into the sector E.T.F.s for financial services, healthcare and industrials, and lesser inflows into materials and energy stocks.Traders stampeded away from utilities, technology and consumer staples shares.They were neutral or slightly negative about consumer discretionary and realestate shares.Take financial stocks and utilities. Until recently, investors shunned bankswhile celebrating utilities for their steady-Eddie dividend payouts.That shifted radically. In the five days after the election, JPMorgan Chase,Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and Bank of America gained at least 13 percent.Four leading utilities -- Exelon, FirstEnergy, NextEra Energy and Entergy --lost at least 4 percent. Before the election, utility shares were ahead offinancials for the year. Five days later, they were trailing.The nearly $5 billion inflow into the Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund, forexample, was the biggest of any week since the E.T.F.'s inception in 1998, Mr.Mazza said. Such cash flows generally correlate with market price trends. Thebiggest weekly outflow was $3.5 billion, and it occurred in the week of Jan. 28,2008, during the financial crisis. Investors found bank stocks as scary as theynow find them attractive.Utilities, on the other hand, moved on election week to the avoidance list, withnet outflows of $455 million in the Utilities Select Sector SPDR Fund, Mr. Mazzasaid.While traders may have shifted gears hastily, there is at least a rational basisfor their movements.The problem lies in the assumptions behind these market shifts. Predictionsabout politics are risky. Those based on underlying economics may be a bit morereliable.For example, the bond market shift appears at least partly based on a judgmentthat inflation will rise because of Mr. Trump's policies, inchoate though theymay be. He has called for tax cuts and spending increases in the nation'sinfrastructure and military. That could be inflationary if they widen a budgetdeficit. But conservatives in Congress may not go along with an increase indeficit spending. It's not clear what the Trump administration will try toaccomplish. All of these assumptions may not be borne out in fact.Similarly, technology shares have fallen sharply, at least partly out of concernfor the possibly negative effects of some of Mr. Trump's policies, said LarryPuglia, a portfolio manager for T. Rowe Price. It is possible, he said, that Mr.Trump's approach to immigration will make it more difficult for highly skilledforeigners to receive visas for work at American tech companies, or that histrade policies will make the logistics of global tech manufacturing morecumbersome and expensive.People ''shouldn't jump to conclusions,'' Mr. Puglia said. ''We don't know whatwill happen.'' He said he had made few changes to his investment portfolios,preferring to wait and see.On the other hand, some sea changes may be underway in the economy, Mr. Paulsensaid. The election could be giving traders an excuse to act on them. Recent dataindicates that economic growth has been accelerating. The election aside, hesaid, it makes sense that bond yields will rise under these circumstances andthat the Federal Reserve will increase short-term interest rates. Janet L.Yellen, the Fed chairwoman, says a rate increase is ''relatively likely'' tooccur soon, perhaps at the central bank's next meeting in December.Rising interest rates generally help bank stocks and hurt utilities, whosedividends no longer seem as appealing. Furthermore, rising rates support astronger dollar, justifying a decline in the price of gold, which has been outof favor since the election.In addition, the labor market has been improving for a long time, the Americaneconomy is in better shape than it was a year or two ago, and it's reasonablefor investors to be more aggressive, Mr. Paulsen said.Still, the risk of geopolitical or domestic shocks is real, he acknowledged, andtraders are only making educated guesses. If they turn out to be wrong, themarket could turn upside down again.For most long-term investors, that is an argument for broad diversification.Despite the turmoil in the markets, simple balanced portfolios of stocks andbonds have barely moved since the election. In a period of extreme swerves andshifts, that may count as an achievement.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/20/your-money/its-not-just-the-white-house-change-is-in-the-air-on-wall-st-too.html