HIGHLIGHT: In Wisconsin, elections officials said on Monday that a recount ofthe state's nearly three million votes would most likely begin on Thursday.President-elect Donald J. Trump is well into filling out his cabinet and pickingkey advisers. But a move to challenge the vote tallies in three swing states -an extreme long shot to reverse his Electoral College majority - is advancing inthe background, creating a noisy distraction on Mr. Trump's Twitter feed andraising last-ditch hopes of some Hillary Clinton supporters.In Wisconsin, elections officials said on Monday that a recount of the state'snearly three million votes would most likely begin on Thursday. In Pennsylvania,Jill Stein, the Green Party presidential candidate, who initiated the recounts,filed a legal challenge of the results in state court. And the Stein campaignsaid it planned to request a recount in Michigan on Wednesday.Neither Ms. Stein nor the Clinton campaign has found evidence of electiontampering in any of the three states, where Mr. Trump beat Mrs. Clinton by acombined margin of only about 100,000 votes. But once Ms. Stein seized on theissue last week, the Clinton campaign said it, too, would join in the efforts toseek recounts.Mrs. Clinton has been urged by her supporters to challenge the results, but shehas done so only in a passive way. A campaign lawyersaid that her team would"participate" in a manner that ensured fairness, but that it had "not uncoveredany actionable evidence" of hacking or other interference.The Clinton campaign will pay to have its own lawyers present at recount sites,but it is not contributing money to the effort, campaign officials have said.Ms. Stein said she had invited every candidate, including Mr. Trump, to join hercalls for recounts, but she is not seeking money or legal input from theremnants of the Clinton campaign."We would not want to be collaborating with the Clinton campaign on this," Ms.Stein said.Mr. Trump's spokesman, Jason Miller, said in an email that the "mere talk of arecount by someone who got less than 1%" - Ms. Stein - "is a joke."The recount push irked Mr. Trump, who said on Twitter that Democrats werejoining what he called a "scam" by the Green Party to "fill up their coffers byasking for impossible recounts."The president-elect also returned to the issue of voter fraud over the weekend,advancing the baseless charge that "millions" of people voted illegally.He singled out California, Virginia and New Hampshire for "serious voter fraud"- prompting a rebuff from Alex Padilla, the California secretary of state, whosaid on Twitter that Mr. Trump's "reckless tweets are inappropriate andunbecoming of a president-elect."In a span of less than an hour on Monday night, Mr. Trump wrote five Twitterposts in which he asserted without providing evidence that there had been voterfraud, criticized journalists for not doing their jobs and said the fraud hadbenefited Mrs. Clinton.Ms. Stein, who finished a distant fourth in the popular vote on Nov. 8, hadraised about $6.3 million of a $7 million goal as of Monday to cover the costsof three recounts.To begin the recount in Wisconsin, the state must receive payment of $3.5million by Tuesday afternoon to cover the estimated costs, the WisconsinElections Commission said on Monday. The commission approved a schedule, whichincludes county clerks and canvass members being briefed on procedures onWednesday morning, with the recount beginning Thursday and being completed byDec. 12 and certified on Dec. 13. The Electoral College votes on Dec. 19.Ms. Stein asked that the recount of ballots be done entirely by hand, but theelections commission rejected that request. It instead allowed counties todetermine whether the ballots should be counted manually or with tabulatingequipment. Ms. Stein said on Monday that she would sue to demand the hand count.In all three states, the Stein campaign is seeking to answer the question ofwhether the vote was hacked by introducing malicious software into votingmachines. The possibility was raised by J. Alex Halderman, a computer scienceprofessor at the University of Michigan. Although no evidence of hacking exists,Ms. Stein wants to compare paper records of votes with electronic tallies ofvoting machines, and to subject touch-screen machines (which do not leave apaper trail) to forensic analysis.In Pennsylvania, the hurdles are higher in terms of the number of votesnecessary to reverse Mr. Trump's victory, as well as the procedures forinitiating a recount.The state, where Mr. Trump holds a lead of 70,638 votes, or 1.1 percent, allowsany three voters to petition to recount their local precinct. But despite a callon Sunday from Ms. Stein on Facebook for thousands of Pennsylvanians to file thepaperwork, in many cases the deadlines have come and gone, according to thePennsylvania Department of State.There are more than 9,000 voting precincts in Pennsylvania. Wanda Murren, aspokeswoman for the State Department, said she was aware of petitions in only ahandful of the state's 67 counties.The Stein campaign said that as of Monday, voters had filed recount petitions in120 precincts, including more than 70 in Philadelphia, where the county has notyet certified the vote and petitions can still be accepted, according to IlannMaazel, a lawyer for the campaign.In Michigan, a candidate can request a recount by citing fraud or errors, saidFred Woodhams, a spokesman for the Michigan secretary of state. But othercandidates, like Mr. Trump, could potentially object to such a request byappealing to the Board of State Canvassers.At a meeting on Monday, where the canvassers certified the election results, arepresentative for Ms. Stein said her campaign planned to request a completehand recount by a deadline on Wednesday. The campaign would need to payestimated costs of $800,000, and a recount could start as early as Friday."People will be working well after 5 p.m. and on the weekends," Mr. Woodhamssaid. "It will certainly be very challenging, and potentially it could beexpensive. The $800,000 will cover a lot of the work, but potentially noteverything."Get politics news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the Morning Briefingnewsletter.PHOTOS: A polling place on Nov. 8 in Georgetown, Wis. A recount of the state'snearly three million votes will probably begin on Thursday. (PHOTOGRAPH BY NICKIKOHL/TELEGRAPH HERALD, VIA ASSOCIATED PRESS); Jill Stein, the Green Partypresidential candidate, has called for recounts in Michigan, Pennsylvania andWisconsin. (PHOTOGRAPH BY TAMIR KALIFA FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)Related Articles     ·    Trump Officially Wins Michigan Amid Calls for a Recount     ·    In Betsy DeVos for Education, Trump Taps Into Michigan Royalty