HIGHLIGHT: Here's what you need to know to start your day.Good morning.Here's what you need to know:François Hollande, the French president, announced he would not seekre-election.The prime minister, Manuel Valls, is likely to step up as a leading contender inthe party's primary.Mr. Hollande's unprecedented decision only slightly improved the chances of theruling Socialists in presidential elections in April as far-right and populistforces gain strength in France and across Europe.In Italy, the anti-establishment Five Star Movement has campaigned aggressivelyagainst a referendum on constitutional changes on Sunday, turning it into avirtual plebiscite on Prime Minister Matteo Renzi.And Austrian voters on Sunday could become the first in Europe since World WarII to elect a far-right head of state._____A remarkably subdued Vladimir V. Putin, the president of Russia, called forcooperation with the new American administration in his annual state of thenation address.But a new foreign policy doctrine signed by Mr. Putin stressed the gravity of"the serious crisis between Russia and the West" and placed the blame for it on"geopolitical expansion" by NATO and the European Union._____In the United States, President-elect Donald J. Trump's arrangements to savejobs in Indiana involved significant government subsidies.In his first post-election rally, Mr. Trump said James N. Mattis, a formergeneral who served in the Middle East and is known for his critical stancetoward Iran, will be his nominee for defense secretary.We mapped out the array of conflicts of interest that Mr. Trump's globalbusiness empire presents.And the president-elect's freewheeling exchanges with foreign dignitariesprompted the White House to urge him to seek diplomats' counsel._____Hallucinogens help cancer patients. Psilocybin, an ingredient found inhallucinogenic mushrooms, can significantly reduce anxiety and depression in thepatients, according to a new study.The drug, administered via wooden goblet in one study, has been illegal in theU.S. for more than 40 years._____BusinessBritish ministers said that the country could agree to pay the European Union toretain access to its single market. Zac Goldsmith, to the left in the photoabove, a key proponent of Britain's departure from the bloc, lost his seat inParliament in a by-election.In Reykjavik, commercial real estate construction is racing to keep up withdemand and is transforming the Icelandic capital.When a wealthy businessman set out to divorce his wife, their $400 millionfortune vanished. The quest to find it would reveal the depths of an offshorefinancial system bigger than the U.S. economy.The U.S. Labor Department's monthly jobs report today will be scrutinized as thelast indicator of unemployment and wages before the Federal Reserve's likelyincrease in interest rates.Global bond markets are plunging. Here's a snapshot of global markets.In the NewsIn Germany, a challenger to Chancellor Angela Merkel has emerged from the ranksof her party: Jens Spahn, a 36-year-old critic of her refugee policy. [DerSpiegel]Greece's war of words with Turkey on territorial claims has deepened beforebilateral talks this weekend. [Ekathimerini] Ban Ki-moon, the departing secretary general of the United Nations, apologizedfor the organization's role in the cholera outbreak that has claimed 10,000lives. [The New York Times]At least 350 people have come forward to report sexual abuse at the hands ofyouth soccer coaches in Britain, deepening a scandal that has engulfed Englishsoccer. [The New York Times]Israel sent its first ambassador to Turkey in five years, just as the Turkishhigh court takes up a case involving the debacle that broke relations: thelethal Israeli raid on the Mavi Marmara, a ship challenging the Gaza blockade.[Hürriyet]There are no laws in the Shuafat Refugee Camp, where 80,000 people livesurrounded by a 25-foot concrete wall, despite it being inside the city ofJerusalem. [The New York Times]Scotland plans to raise the age of criminal responsibility to 12, from 8,currently the lowest in Europe. [The Scotsman]NoteworthyMid-20th century Paris, the harrowing escape of an American slave and aseemingly ordinary Korean housewife turning vegetarian after a terrifying dream:These are The New York Times Book Review's 10 Best Books of 2016.In memoriam: The actor Andrew Sachs, who played Manuel in the British comedyseries "Fawlty Towers," died at 86.Buzz Aldrin, the 86-year-old adventurer and former astronaut who was the secondperson to walk on the moon, was evacuated from Antarctica after he became illwhile visiting the South Pole with a tourism group.Isabelle Huppert, the French actress, chooses roles that are sometimes hard towatch. And yet we can't bring ourselves to look away.Recipients of a new British scholarship will spend time in Buckingham Palace,but don't get the wrong idea: They will cook, cater and otherwise serve theBritish royals.A 34-year-old Alaskan environmentalist with no formal design education ischallenging a fashion world dogma: Is all fur bad furZinedine Zidane may not be the perfect soccer club manager, but he could well beperfect for Real Madrid.And "Snow Beach," a new book, chronicles the style of snowboarding culture inthe 1980s and 90s.Back StoryArtists, art collectors, curators and the scenesters who surround them are inMiami this week for Art Basel Miami Beach. It's a spinoff of the fair held inSwitzerland. (There's also a Hong Kong version).Despite the party atmosphere, the art world may intimidate the uninitiated -especially with its terminology - so we're here to offer some help.Showcasing "the masters of Modern and contemporary art" is Art Basel's statedaim. Those categories may sound redundant, but they're not.While "modern" can indicate the present, it is also tied to ideas that "were newor even experimental" when they were developed, according to the Museum ofModern Art. Contemporary means work by living artists.Just don't confuse "master" with "Old Master," which is a "distinguishedEuropean artist from about 1500 to the early 1700s." Think Michelangelo.At a gallery, you might enter a room with related sculptures. This isn't aninstallation unless it encourages "active engagement" by the spectator.And if you're thinking of calling something "sublime," you're saying the pieceis "worthy of reverence," according to MoMA.One last tip: Remember, the artists and the dealers are also nervous about howyou'll react."What depresses me the most is if people walk past the booth and don't stop," adealer told The Times this summer. "I want people to come in and then have ajourney."Christopher Shea contributed reporting._____Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version ofthe briefing should help.Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings.What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes.com.