HIGHLIGHT: Wednesday: Worries over Thanksgiving after the election, a crisis ofmalnutrition among Salinas Valley farmworkers, and a last-minute holiday recipefrom Bar Tartine.Good morning.Please note: California Today is taking a break on Thursday and Friday for theholiday. We'll be back on Monday.(Want to get California Today by email? Sign up.)For Thanksgiving this year, many Americans are anticipating turkey, mashedpotatoes, pumpkin pie - and postelection combat with relatives.Every election provokes some level of stress among voters, but mental healthprofessionals say that the polarization of this year's presidential raceappeared to have amplified the tension."It was a very significant stressor for people this year," said Dr. VaileWright, director of research and special projects at the American PsychologicalAssociation.On Tuesday, we asked readers to tell us whether they expected their Thanksgivinggatherings to provide a stage for potential blowups as seldom-seen relativescongregate for the first time since Election Day.Several people wrote to say they planned to adhere to a no-political-talk rule.Others said they were taking a more extreme approach - avoiding Thanksgivingget-togethers altogether.For those disappointed by the presidential outcome, much of the anxiety stemmedfrom concerns that relatives who supported Donald J. Trump might gloat about hisvictory.Vince Garcia, 48, said he heard rumblings that two relatives were planning towear Trump gear at their Thanksgiving gathering. "Quite honestly I'm not lookingforward to it at all," he wrote in an email.Martin Johnson, a retired engineer in San Clemente, said he and his wife worriedthat sparks could fly during their gathering of 18 family members. About halfare loyal Democrats, he said, and half dedicated Trump supporters.If things get out of hand, Mr. Johnson, 66, said he planned to tell his guests:"Just put all that stuff in a shoe box and put it on a shelf. Let's just not getinto that topic."Dr. Wright said avoiding politics was sometimes the right approach.If the election outcome is weighing heavily on your mind, Thanksgiving can be atime to talk about it, she said. But if reconnecting with family is what's mostimportant, it could be wise to just postpone the political talk for anothertime.Kathy Winter, 61, a reader in San Diego, wrote in with a reminder thatThanksgiving is intended to be a moment to count blessings and connect withfamily.But, she added, "If we are all mature adults, we should be able to talkpolitics."California OnlineThe Salinas Valley, known as the salad bowl of the nation, is struggling with acrisis of poverty and malnutrition among its farmworkers. [The New York Times]California's largest state workers union said it would strike in December over acontract dispute. [Sacramento Bee]Michelle Rhee, Sacramento's first lady and the former head of the Washington,D.C., schools, appeared to take herself out of the running to become educationsecretary in the Trump administration. [Sacramento Bee]Two weeks after Election Day, Proposition 66 was finally called. The measure,intended to speed up death row appeals, passed. [Los Angeles Times]Also called was Proposition 53, which would have given voters more say overmegaprojects. It failed. [The Associated Press]Disney has big plans for its Hong Kong resort: a $1.4 billion upgrade. [The NewYork Times]Facebook is said to have created a censorship tool in an effort to get back intoChina. [The New York Times]A memorial service for a slain sheriff's deputy in Stanislaus County was filledwith laughter and tears. [Modesto Bee]Defying expectations, the Oakland Raiders are now 8-2 after beating the Texansin Mexico City. [The New York Times]Most people know Jack London as a prolific writer. Few know him as aphotographer. [The New York Times]Our nation is diverse. How does that play out in what we eat at Thanksgiving?[The New York Times]And Finally ...Still in need of a quick Thanksgiving recipe?We asked Cortney Burns, a chef at Bar Tartine in San Francisco, to suggest adish that takes advantage of the fall season.She offered this one from a book she wrote with Nicolaus Balla, "Bar Tartine:Techniques & Recipes," winner of a 2015 James Beard award:Potato and Green Bean SoupThis is a soup to make in late summer, or autumn when the days get shorter andthe green beans grow big and tough. It is ideal for those end-of-season beans,which are much better cooked well past the bright green and crisp stage thatculinary professionals prize. In this soup, the beans are cookedgrandmother-style, until they are quite tender and develop a deep, earthyflavor.The butter that floats on the surface of this soup is essential to the soup'stexture and flavor. We recommend you use cultured butter, which has a subtletang. You can make it yourself or buy it.Serves 4 to 61 tbsp. filtered grapeseed oil or good cooking oil1 sweet white onion, cut into 1/4-in/6-mm dice4 garlic cloves, minced3 cups/720 ML vegetable or poultry broth12 oz/335 g russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/4-in/6-mm dice1 lb/455 g green beans, trimmed and cut into 3/4-in/2-cm pieces3 cups/720 ML buttermilk1 tbsp. plus 2 tsp. kosher saltFreshly ground black pepper1 cup/240 ML sour cream3 tbsp. apple cider vinegar2 tbsp. butter, meltedChopped fresh flat-leaf parsley for garnishChopped fresh dill for garnishChopped fresh chives for garnishHeat a medium saucepan over medium heat until a drop of water flicked on thesurface sizzles gently on contact. Add the grapeseed oil, then immediately addthe onion and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables areslightly softened but not browned, about 10 minutes. Add the broth, potatoes andgreen beans and simmer until the potatoes are tender enough to be easily piercedwith a skewer, about 25 minutes. Remove from the heat.In a blender, combine 2 cups/475 ML of the broth and vegetables and thebuttermilk and purée until smooth. Add the purée back to the saucepan, add thesalt and 1/2 tsp. pepper, and place over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and cookgently until heated through, about five minutes. Remove from the heat and stirin 3/4 cup/180 ML of the sour cream and the vinegar.Ladle the soup into individual bowls and garnish with melted butter, theremaining 1/4 cup/60 ML sour cream, the parsley, dill, chives, and plenty ofpepper. Leftover soup will keep in an airtight container in the refrigerator forup to four days.California Today goes live at 6 a.m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what youwant to see: CAtoday@nytimes.com.The California Today columnist, Mike McPhate, is a third-generation Californian- born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano. He lives in Davis.Follow him on Twitter.California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles andattended U.C. Berkeley.