HIGHLIGHT: Julie Scelfo's book positions itself as an antidote to thehistoriographical tradition of forgetting - and belatedly remembering - women.THE WOMEN WHO MADE NEW YORKBy Julie Scelfo. Illustrated by Hallie Heald.335 pp. Seal Press. $24.I started reading "The Women Who Made New York" in October, around the time thepresidential race got ugly - and extra New York-y. Speaking at a Trump rally inOcala, Fla., former Mayor Rudy Giuliani ridiculed Hillary Clinton's work torebuild New York after Sept.[#x202f]11. "I was there that day," Giuliani said."I don't remember seeing Hillary Clinton." Newspapers published those quotes -accompanied by pictures of Giuliani and Clinton standing shoulder to shoulder atground zero on Sept. 12, when elected officials were first permitted onto thesite. "I made a mistake," Giuliani later admitted. He had forgotten the womanwas also there.Forgetting - and belatedly remembering - women is a historiographical traditionas old as history itself. "The Women Who Made New York" positions itself as anantidote to that process. Written by Julie Scelfo and illustrated by HallieHeald, the volume features 126 female artists, activists, politicians, criminalsand tycoons. Legends like Brooke Astor, Ella Fitzgerald, Edith Wharton, AnnaWintour and Debbie Harry receive authoritative write-ups that also pay tributeto the lesser-known women who cleared the path for them. You've heard of BillieHoliday, the legendary jazz singer whose haunting performance of "Strange Fruit"described lynching in agonizing, unforgettable language. But what about EthelWaters, the daughter of a young rape victim who rose out of poverty to becomeone of the first Harlem musicians to make it big on Broadway? Six years beforeHoliday recorded "Strange Fruit," Waters began performing "Supper Time," a songabout a woman discovering her husband has been lynched. "A number so moving itroutinely stopped the show," Scelfo writes, bringing contemporary socialcommentary to the Great White Way.Equally enriching is Scelfo's treatment of women usually relegated to "wife of"status. A chapter called "The Builders" opens with a paean to Emily WarrenRoebling, who completed the construction of the Brooklyn Bridge when herengineer husband fell ill. Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis appears in "ThePreservationists," in an entry that focuses on her work to preserve historicalbuildings. The famous men in Jackie's life appear only in asides - or when theirpresence serves a greater purpose, like the time Jackie choreographed a kiss onthe steps of City Hall while campaigning to save a Park Avenue landmark. I don'tthink I've ever seen a Jackie O profile so resolutely focused on substanceinstead of style - to the point that I felt a little bit deprived, until Iturned the page and saw Heald's dreamy watercolor portrait of the windsweptfirst lady in a sumptuous roll-neck sweater. At last, I thought, a book thatindulges my superficiality without wasting any words on it.With its romantic illustrations and requisite three pages dedicated to JoanDidion, it would be easy to dismiss "The Women Who Made New York" as meregifting bait for anyone with a niece at Barnard College. (And to be clear, yourniece probably will love this.) But for every tale that makes you pump your fistin triumph, there is one that makes you clench your jaw in anger. Take the storyof Eve Adams, a Polish-Jewish immigrant who ran a literary social club for"lesbian and bi-curious women" in the 1920s: An early promoter of Henry Millerand Anaïs Nin, Adams was jailed and deported for making "a homosexual advance"toward an undercover cop. "She spent the 1930s in Paris working as a bookseller,but in 1940, the Nazi invasion drove her south to Nice," Scelfo writes. "Soonthereafter she was arrested and, in 1943, forced on a train to Auschwitz, whereshe was promptly murdered."This willingness to recount hardship as unflinchingly as success allows the bookto function as more than an aside that "many women were there." But it alsomeans that no matter how persuasively Scelfo makes the case for her subjects'achievements, a deeply depressing question remains: What more would have beenaccomplished if circumstances were different? If Eve Adams's life had not beencut short, would she have discovered another Miller or Nin? If Emily WarrenRoebling had continued as an engineer, what else would she have built? How muchtalent, intelligence and innovation has been wasted, ignored or forgotten? Asthe joke goes, women do everything men do, but backward and in high heels.(Although it should be noted that Martha Graham, in the "Counterculturists" partof this collection, performed barefoot.) What can be accomplished on evenfooting will have to wait for some future edition.Maureen O'Connor is a columnist at New York magazine.DRAWING: Emily Warren Roebling (DRAWING BY HALLIE HEALD)