LAST weekend I ate a cricket on national television. Based on my statisticalanalysis of presidential polls, I made a bet that if Donald J. Trump won  morethan 240 Electoral College votes, I would chow down. Like millions of voters inboth parties, I was surprised by the outcome. As a consolation, I'd like tolearn what went wrong -- and to figure out how pollsters might do better whenthey puzzle over our polarized electorate.Data-based websites, from Facebook on down, have a responsibility to conveyaccurate information. In this regard, I owe an apology to readers of thePrinceton Election Consortium, which I publish. My primary purpose was to showpeople where to put their campaigning energies by revealing which races were ona razor's edge. I advised my readers to focus on close Senate races in stateswhere the presidential race was also close. But I also reported an extremelyhigh probability that Hillary Clinton would win, which was published by The NewYork Times alongside its own model.Did we lull voters and the news media into a sense of complacency about theelection? In hindsight, it would have been better to express Mrs. Clinton'spolling margin as equivalent to a 2.2 percentage point lead -- and that the truemargin could be higher or lower by several points. That would have betterconveyed the race's uncertainty.Poll aggregation is built on the idea that pollsters are more accurate as agroup than they are individually. During the primaries, I used state polls toargue that Mr. Trump was the strong favorite to win the nomination. However,general-election polls did less well, and so did I. State polls underestimatedthe Republican-versus-Democrat margin by four percentage points, the largesterror in decades. This presidential-level polling error was echoed in thenational House popular vote and Senate polls, which were also both off by amedian of four percentage points. As Nate Silver of FiveThirtyEight has pointedout, errors are often correlated. A warped ruler is flawed no matter how manymeasurements are averaged.The pattern of polling errors provides a clue to why Mr. Trump's victory came asa surprise. In states that Mr. Trump won, his actual margins against Mrs.Clinton were a median of six percentage points better than the last availablepolls. In contrast, in states won by Mrs. Clinton, the gap between polls andoutcomes was 0.2 of a percentage point. Mr. Trump's hidden strength in thestates he won suggests that some fraction of Republican voters were strugglingbetween party loyalty and difficulty with accepting Mr. Trump. In the end, theirloyalty won out.Leading up to Election Day, Mr. Trump was kept afloat in polls by a sturdypartisan floor of support of 41 percent to 43 percent. With votes still beingcounted, projections indicate that he will end up winning around 46.5 percent ofthe final vote. Mrs. Clinton's support ranged from 45 to 48 points and she willmost likely end up with 48.5 percent of the vote. This contradicts mypre-election assumption that undecided and minor-party voters, unusuallyabundant this year, would not break strongly in either direction.The outcome may have also been swayed by the letter that James Comey, thedirector of the F.B.I., sent to Congress on Oct. 28 about Mrs. Clinton's emails,after which national and state polls swung toward Mr. Trump, perhaps decisively.I suggest that we retire the concept of the ''undecided'' voter. Based oncognitive science, so-called undecided voters might be mentally committed to achoice, but either can't verbalize it or want to keep it to themselves. Wehumans are like this in all kinds of domains, from what to have for lunch towhom to marry.Indirect approaches like web search data might provide new ways to predict voterbehavior. In one particularly interesting example, during the Republican primaryseason a reader of my website who goes by the initial N. used Google Correlate,a tool that allowed her to find web search terms that showed the same pattern asstate polling data. Using those search terms, N. predicted the outcome inunpolled states more accurately than demographic models of the Republicanelectorate. Social media may also help gauge voter enthusiasm, especially inmidterm elections, when turnout is lower and polls are less accurate.Unstated preferences can also be revealed by partisan straight-ticket voting,which has reached record highs. On average, partisan Senate and Housepreferences tracked the presidential race percentage point for percentage point.Such intense party loyalty provides a way to investigate a preference for Mr.Trump without using the word ''Trump.'' In Wisconsin, the Democrat Russ Feingoldsought to regain his Senate seat from Ron Johnson. Mr. Feingold's lead slippedfrom a median of nine percentage points in August to a median of one point inOctober -- and in the end, Mr. Johnson won.This provided a clue that Mr. Trump was strong in Rust Belt states, where whitenon-college voters are abundant. As many have noted, if 55,000 Trump supportershad instead cast votes for Mrs. Clinton in Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania,we would be looking at a narrow Clinton victory. Hampered by inadequate data,her campaign grasped the danger to her supremacy in these states too late. Mrs.Clinton did not even visit Wisconsin after the Democratic convention.As a scientist, I am committed to learning from my mistakes. Despite this year'sfailure, data is still our best resource for predicting events, but it isimportant to get good data in the first place. This will be on my mind in thespring, when I am teaching a seminar on the application of statistics to publicaffairs. A key topic will be partisan gerrymandering, which lends itself muchbetter to hard facts like final vote totals, and not prediction. This year'selection will remind me to add a heavy dose of humility to the proceedings.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTopinion),and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/19/opinion/why-i-had-to-eat-a-bug-on-cnn.html