When Julia Jones arrived at her office in Santa Monica at 8 a.m. -- by Hollywoodscreenwriter standards, the crack of dawn -- she found Stephen K. Bannon alreadyat his desk, which was cluttered with takeout coffees. They were co-writers on aRonald Reagan documentary, but Mr. Bannon had pretty much taken it over. He hadbeen at work for hours, he told her, writing feverishly about his politicalhero.Today, with Donald J. Trump, whose election Mr. Bannon helped engineer, on thethreshold of power, the 2004 film ''In the Face of Evil'' has a prophetic ring.Its trailer has an over-the-top, apocalyptic feel: lurid footage of bombsdropping on cities alternating with grainy clips of Reagan speeches, as a choirprovides a soaring soundtrack. The message: Only one man was up to the challengeposed by looming domestic and global threats.''A man with a vision,'' the trailer says. ''An outsider, a radical with extremeviews.''The Reagan presidency has been a recurring touchstone for Mr. Bannon since 1980,when as a 26-year-old Navy officer he talked his way into Mr. Reagan's electionnight celebration. It was at an early screening of ''In the Face of Evil'' thathe met fellow Reagan admirer Andrew Breitbart, the budding conservative mediaprovocateur.Breitbart.com's scorn for Muslims, immigrants and black activists drew a ferventfollowing on the alt-right, an extremist fringe of message boards and onlinemagazines popular with white supremacists, and after Mr. Bannon took control ofthe website in 2012, he built a raucous coalition of the discontented.More quietly, Mr. Bannon systematically courted a series of politicians,especially those who share his dark, populist worldview: at home, a corruptruling class preying on working Americans; globally, ''the Judeo-ChristianWest'' in a ''war against Islamic fascism.'' They were views that placed himcloser to the European right than to the Republican mainstream.He made flattering films about Michele Bachmann, the former congresswoman fromMinnesota, and Sarah Palin, the former Alaska governor and vice-presidentialcandidate; repeatedly pressed the television host Lou Dobbs to run for office;and flirted with a range of Republican presidential hopefuls, including RickSantorum, Ben Carson and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas. Finally, in Mr. Trump, Mr.Bannon found his man.Mr. Bannon told a colleague in multiple conversations during the presidentialcampaign that he knew Mr. Trump was an ''imperfect vessel'' for the revolutionhe had in mind. But the upstart candidate and the media entrepreneur bondedanyway.In August 2015, Mr. Bannon told Ms. Jones in an email that he had turnedBreitbart, where employees called certain political stories ''Bannon Specials,''into ''Trump Central'' and joked that he was the candidate's hidden ''campaignmanager.'' He hosted Mr. Trump for friendly radio interviews and offered tactfulcoaching. This August, with the Trump campaign foundering, Mr. Bannon took overas chief executive.Like Reagan, Mr. Trump addressed the people he called ''the forgotten men andwomen of our country'' -- the white working and middle class. He vowed to takeon Islamic radicalism, as Reagan had faced off against communism. Echoing thesole-savior theme of ''In the Face of Evil,'' Mr. Trump declared of the nation'spredicament, ''Only I can fix it.''Ms. Jones, for one, had no trouble seeing the parallels. ''Trump,'' she said,''is Steve's Reagan.''[Video:  Trailer of the 2004 documentary ''In the Face of Evil,'' which Mr.Bannon helped write.  Watch on YouTube.]Mr. Trump, of course, is not Mr. Bannon's creation, and the president-electwould not take kindly to any such implication. (Asked on Tuesday by New YorkTimes journalists about Mr. Bannon, Mr. Trump praised him but said, pointedly,''I'm the one who makes the decisions.'')But Mr. Bannon understood better than any other 2016 campaign strategist howmany voters were seeking dramatic change, said Patrick Caddell, a veteranpollster, who all but predicted a Trump victory on election eve as most punditswere calling the race for Hillary Clinton. ''He's been the forerunnerintellectually of this moment,'' Mr. Caddell said. ''His ideology is that of theoutsider and the insurgent.''To understand what to expect from the Trump administration means in part tofathom the driven, contradictory character of Mr. Bannon, whom thepresident-elect has named senior counselor and chief White House strategist.Rarely has there been so incendiary a figure at the side of a president-elect,thrilling Mr. Trump's more extreme supporters while unnerving ethnic andreligious minorities and many other Americans.How did this son of Richmond, Va., who attended Harvard Business School, spentyears at Goldman Sachs and became wealthy working at the intersection ofentertainment and finance come to view the political and financial elites as hisarchenemy? Why does a man who calls himself a ''hard-nosed capitalist'' railagainst ''globalists'' of ''the party of Davos'' and attack the Republicanestablishment with special glee?As a filmmaker, Mr. Bannon, 63, has cited both the Nazi propagandist LeniRiefenstahl and the left-wing documentarian Michael Moore as models. In topphysical shape as a young Navy officer, and for years wearing the banker'suniform of expensive suits, Mr. Bannon has in recent years sported flannelshirts and cargo pants. With a paunch and a sometimes scraggly beard, Mr. Bannonhas a rugged look that Stephen Colbert described as ''Robert Redford dredgedfrom a river.''He is an avid reader of history, fond of citing Plutarch and Plato, and hiscareer reflects a restless, eclectic mind. He has conceived a rap musical basedon Shakespeare's ''Coriolanus'' (never completed); overseen the troubledBiosphere 2 project, an experiment in the Arizona desert meant to mimic theearth's ecosystem; acquired partial rights to ''Seinfeld'' before it became amegahit; moved to Shanghai to run a company marshaling Chinese computer gamersto earn points for Western players; and produced films on Washington corruption,Occupy Wall Street and Phil Robertson of ''Duck Dynasty.''Vociferous critics of his appointment, a diverse group that includes theconservative talk-show host Glenn Beck and Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont,who challenged Mrs. Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination, havevariously called Mr. Bannon a racist, a sexist, an anti-Semite and anIslamophobe. Interviews with two dozen people who know him well, however,portray a man not easily labeled, capable of surprising both friends andenemies, with unshakable self-confidence and striking intensity. (Mr. Bannonturned down a request for an interview, saying he was too busy with thepresidential transition.)Fans and foes agree that he is a ''screamer,'' a volcanic personality whosometimes resorts to offensive or hyperbolic language. One of his three formerwives claimed in court papers that he had said he did not want their twindaughters to go to school with Jews who raise their children to be ''whinybrats,'' a claim Mr. Bannon denies. In a 2011 radio interview, he dismissedliberal women as ''a bunch of dykes that came from the Seven Sisters schools.''In a radio interview last year with Mr. Trump, Mr. Bannon complained,inaccurately, that ''two-thirds or three-quarters of the C.E.O.s in SiliconValley are from South Asia or from Asia.'' He has sometimes portrayed a gravethreat to civilization not just from violent jihadists but from ''Islam.'' Heonce suggested to a colleague that perhaps only property owners should beallowed to vote. In an email to a Breitbart colleague in 2014, he dismissedRepublican congressional leaders with an epithet and added, ''Let the grassroots turn on the hate.''''No one has called him nice,'' said Patrick McSweeney, a former chairman of theVirginia Republican Party and a Bannon admirer who has known his family foryears. ''He is the least politically correct person I know. His overridingconcern is getting the mission accomplished.''Mr. Bannon encouraged clickbait incitement on Breitbart.com, and links toBreitbart articles are often spread on Twitter and Facebook alongside Nazirhetoric and racial slurs. Saying he is an economic nationalist and not a whitenationalist, Mr. Bannon has dismissed such devotees as the kind of marginalcharacters who turn up in every political movement, but he has only mildlydenounced the bigots among his admirers.Some longtime associates said they had never heard him express bigoted views.''In the 14 years I've known him, I've never heard him utter a racist oranti-Semitic comment,'' said Peter Schweizer, a conservative author and thepresident of the Government Accountability Institute, where Mr. Bannon was afounder and the executive chairman.Mr. Bannon's backers note that several of Breitbart's top editors and managersare Jewish -- as was Mr. Breitbart himself -- and the site is staunchlypro-Israel. They also point out that Mr. Bannon's longtime assistant, WendyColbert, is African-American; so are Sonnie Johnson, a conservative writer hepromoted on Breitbart, and a former Goldman colleague who has been a closefriend for three decades and considers Mr. Bannon family, but who asked not tobe named to avoid a flood of media attention.Mary Beth Meredith, Mr. Bannon's sister, said accusations of personal bigotryagainst him were ''absolutely absurd.'' ''We have interfaith marriages in ourown family,'' she said. ''We have interracial marriages -- our family is amicrocosm of the U.S.''Where some perceive racism and nativism, others see a different -ism:opportunism. Whatever may be in his heart, they say, Mr. Bannon was happy todraw a white nationalist following to Breitbart, while denying that was hisintent.Ben Shapiro, a former Breitbart editor who has been sharply critical of Mr.Bannon, called him ''a manipulator'' who had ''mainstreamed'' far-rightextremists for cynical political purposes.Ms. Jones, Mr. Bannon's former film collaborator, who describes herself as veryliberal, said, ''Steve's not a racist.''But, she added, ''he's using the alt-right -- using them for power.'''Son of the South'Robin Mickle, a fellow Navy officer of Mr. Bannon's aboard the destroyer Paul F.Foster, remembers that he and some of his idealistic mates were struck bysomething Mr. Bannon told them in 1978.''He said he joined the Navy so it would look good on his résumé because hewanted to go into politics someday,'' said Mr. Mickle, a retired defensecontractor.Another officer, Sonny Masso, who would stay in the Navy and eventually makeadmiral, recalls a devoted reader of The Wall Street Journal who picked stocksto buy through a San Diego broker and had an astonishing ability to retaininformation.He was fit, too. ''He'd run five miles at lunch and he had a 32-inch waist,''Mr. Masso said. ''Very preppy when we were out of uniform -- polo shirts withalligators on them, and penny loafers with no socks.''Mr. Bannon was the middle child of five in an Irish Catholic family from a leafyNorth Richmond neighborhood. His father, Martin, 95, to whom he remains veryclose, was a telephone lineman who had worked his way into middle management atthe phone company.Steve and his two brothers went to Benedictine High School, an all-male Catholicmilitary school in Richmond where the boys wore uniforms, kept their hair shortand were called cadets. ''It was a very conservative world,'' said John Pudner,a Benedictine graduate who knows Mr. Bannon and runs Take Back Our Republic, anadvocacy group based in Alabama.Steve was bit of a brawler as a boy, said his older brother Mike Bannon. ''Hewas a fighter. He was a guy that believed what he believed.'' On occasion, Stevesummoned Mike to the neighborhood pool for reinforcement. ''He'd get in littlescrapes and come back and get me, and I'd say, 'I wished it wasn't eight guys wewere fighting. If it was two or three, I wouldn't mind.'''Mike Bannon, eager to rebut charges of racism against his brother, said the boystook two buses to get to Benedictine, and their parents instructed them to giveup their seats if a woman boarded: ''It didn't make any difference if they wereblack or white or Indian or Jewish or anything else,'' he said.Their mother, Doris, who died many years ago, loved to tell them about sneakingJewish friends into her neighborhood pool in Baltimore -- past a sign that said''No Jews Allowed.'' She later worked on campaigns for Douglas Wilder, aDemocrat who became the first African-American governor of Virginia.For Mike Bannon, his brother Steve is ''a son of the South'' who has nevershifted his principles or his character. ''He knew who he was in fourth gradeand he's never changed much over the years,'' he said. ''He's very comfortablein his own skin.''At Virginia Tech, Steve Bannon got his first taste of politics, winning theStudent Government Association presidency in a 1975 race that grew quite heatedafter he challenged the status quo. An opponent, Gary Clisham, told the studentnewspaper that Mr. Bannon had ''immense charisma'' but predicted that he wouldget nothing done.After graduation, Mr. Bannon joined the Navy, attended Officer Candidate Schooland served two deployments aboard the Foster, a guided-missile destroyer thattook him all over Asia and into the Persian Gulf. His basketball style --running the length of the court without passing -- earned him a sarcasticnickname, Coast-to-Coast, said Mr. Masso, his shipmate. Still, he said, Mr.Bannon was popular with the sailors he led in the engineering department, nearly50 men, the majority of them African-American, Hispanic or Asian.Though his family had Democratic roots, Mr. Bannon, like most of his fellowofficers, was scornful of President Jimmy Carter and entranced by Ronald Reagan.At Mr. Masso's condo, while they watched the two candidates' debate ontelevision in 1980, Mr. Bannon could hardly contain his excitement.''He was pacing my living room, and whenever there was a point-counterpoint,he'd say, 'Yeah!' like we were watching a boxing match,'' Mr. Masso said. WhenMr. Bannon heard later that the Reagan election night party was planned for aLos Angeles hotel, the Century Plaza, he worked the phones to try for tickets.When he got the brushoff, Mr. Masso said, Mr. Bannon said, ''Hey, listen pal, wejust got back from the Persian Gulf.'' Soon, he had Reagan aide Lyn Nofziger onthe phone saying, ''The governor would be honored to have you there.'' It was 4a.m. when their group left the victory celebration to return to the ship, Mr.Masso said.Both men went on to take Pentagon jobs, and Mr. Bannon earned a master's degreein international relations at Georgetown at the same time. Mr. Masso thought hisfriend might try to get into politics, but he was accepted at Harvard BusinessSchool, and he left the Navy in 1983 to begin a new life.'Working 100 Hours a Week'Friends at Harvard and later at Goldman Sachs were aware of Mr. Bannon'sconservative views, but politics was rarely discussed. ''He was in mergers andacquisitions, I was in corporate finance, and we were both working 100 hours aweek,'' said Scot Vorse, who met Mr. Bannon on their first day at Harvard andjoined Goldman at the same time.After less than four years, Mr. Bannon left Goldman to start his own firm,Bannon & Co., which Mr. Vorse soon joined. As head of a scrappy start-up goingup against financial behemoths to get Hollywood deals, Mr. Bannon showed thefierce competitiveness that would later drive his politics.''We were the underdog,'' Mr. Vorse said. ''We were competing for the businessof the biggest entertainment companies in the world, and we did well.'' Mr.Vorse said Bannon & Co. represented the Saudi businessman Prince Alwaleed binTalal; the Italian media tycoon and later the prime minister Silvio Berlusconi;Samsung; Westinghouse; and other big players.Mr. Vorse was the detail man, he said. Mr. Bannon ''was the visionary, seeingthings before anyone else. He was the rainmaker. He was a leader.''Even as they became successful, Mr. Bannon was not a lavish spender. ''He wasdriving an eight-year-old Celica convertible,'' he said.In fact, Mr. Bannon appears to have gone through some lean moments in the 1990s-- court records show five federal and four state tax liens for amounts from$10,993 to $136,610. Ms. Jones, his film collaborator, said that when Mr. Bannonand his second wife, Mary Louise Piccard, separated, he lived for a time in aspare room at the home of his first wife, Cathleen Houff Jordan. Ms. Piccard hadaccused Mr. Bannon of grabbing her wrist and neck during an argument, anallegation he denied.But in 1993, as part of the sale of Castle Rock Entertainment to TurnerBroadcasting System, he acquired a share of the royalties from ''Seinfeld,'' amove that would prove extremely lucrative as the show became a cultural force.In 1998, Bannon & Co. was acquired by Société Générale, and Mr. Bannon ran aseries of companies working at the intersection of entertainment and finance.''Very intense, very passionate,'' said Trevor Drinkwater, who worked with himin film distribution from 2004 to 2010. ''I was impressed that while he was veryright wing, he had a lot of liberal friends.'' He saw Mr. Bannon's dress evolvetoward the casual, ''the flannel shirt over the polo shirt.''Through films, Mr. Bannon was turning his attention back to politics. TimWatkins, his co-director on the Reagan documentary, said Mr. Bannon worked from7 a.m. to 2 a.m. ''I've never known him to, say, go to a ballgame,'' he said.But Mr. Watkins found his collaborator's combativeness wearying.''Steve thinks everything has to be a fight,'' he said. Once, an argument brokeout when he told Mr. Bannon that the rough cut of the film, at two hours and 10minutes, should be trimmed further. Angry, Mr. Bannon ''actually flipped overthe table,'' Mr. Watkins said.At first, he recalled, before the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, theyintended to make a standard biopic. But the attacks ''changed the filmradically,'' Mr. Watkins said. Mr. Reagan's Cold War battles merged with thecoda, which showed the hijacked airliners hitting the World Trade Center andpeople jumping to their deaths.''Steve crafted a lot of the big ideas,'' Mr. Watkins said, notably that ''lifeis a battle of good and evil, and history repeats itself.''Lou Cannon, a Reagan biographer, rejects comparisons of Mr. Reagan and Mr.Trump. He notes that Mr. Reagan had been governor of California before becomingpresident, never demonized opponents and signed a law giving amnesty to threemillion undocumented immigrants. Nonetheless, Mr. Watkins sees strikingsimilarities and is sure Mr. Bannon does, too. In the Reagan memorabilia heaccumulated while working on the film, Mr. Watkins said, he recently found somelapel stickers.''Let's Make America Great Again,'' they read.Anger at the EliteWhen his eldest child, Maureen, got into West Point, Mr. Bannon was thrilled andjoked about switching his allegiance to Army from Navy. He never missed hervolleyball games, and he was at Fort Campbell, Ky., in 2011 when she returnedfrom a deployment to Iraq. ''That was one of the greatest feelings I've had,seeing my dad when I walked off the plane,'' she said.But through his daughter's service, he saw an inequity that fueled his anger atthe privileged Americans among whom he had long worked.At West Point, ''he saw a complete, utter lack of people from the upper economiclevels of American society,'' said Mr. Schweizer, the conservative writer. ''Hethought it was appalling, especially because the elite set so many policies thatsent these kids into war.''Mr. Bannon was put off by the George W. Bush administration's creation in 2003of the Medicare prescription drug benefit, which he saw as a blatant giveaway tothe pharmaceutical companies. The financial collapse of 2008 and the bailoutsthat followed infuriated him, including the devastating effect of the stockmarket collapse on the retirement accounts of men like his father, a phonecompany retiree.Mr. Bannon often spoke to friends about his father's ''honest work,''contrasting it with the paper-pushing he had seen on Wall Street. ''We considerourselves middle class, and we think the middle class has been shafted,'' MikeBannon said. ''Black, Hispanic, white, everybody. The political class has giventhem happy talk but delivered nothing. I think that's what Steve's talkingabout.''[Video: In 2010, Mr. Bannon spoke at Tea Party gathering in New York City.Watch on YouTube.]By the time of a Tea Party gathering in 2010 in New York, Steve Bannon had fullyembraced a class-based diagnosis of the country's woes: ''In the last 20 years,our financial elites and the political class have taken care of themselves andled our country to the brink of ruin,'' he said. By contrast, he said, the TeaParty was backed by ''the people who fight our wars, pay our taxes, run ourcivic organizations, who build our cities and who hold our neighborhoodstogether.''Mr. Bannon honed his message as he reached out to politicians, beginning withhis films about Mrs. Bachmann and Ms. Palin. He criticized the conservativeelite, including some of his former business colleagues. ''The reason I madethese films is my buddies on Wall Street said, 'These women are a bunch ofbimbos,''' he told a 2011 gathering. ''I said, 'I know Governor Palin andCongresswoman Bachmann -- they're every bit as tough and smart as you guysare.'''At times, Mr. Bannon's rants against the ruling class -- in which he is at leastas unsparing of Republicans as of Democrats -- strikingly echo populists on theleft. In a revealing 2014 talk via Skype to a Vatican conference, some of hiswords might have come from Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts or Mr.Sanders of Vermont.''Not one criminal charge has ever been brought to any bank executive associatedwith the 2008 crisis,'' Mr. Bannon fumed. ''And in fact, it gets worse. Nobonuses and none of their equity was taken.''But if his scathing economic analysis sometimes seemed to dabble in Marxism, onother subjects, including race and religion, he made no concessions to politicalsensitivities. After Mr. Bannon met Mr. Breitbart at the 2004 screening of ''Inthe Face of Evil,'' the two men hit it off, bonding over their similar views anda common irreverent streak.Ms. Jones, the film colleague, said that in their years working together, Mr.Bannon occasionally talked about the genetic superiority of some people and oncemused about the desirability of limiting the vote to property owners.''I said, 'That would exclude a lot of African-Americans,''' Ms. Jones recalled.''He said, 'Maybe that's not such a bad thing.' I said, 'But what aboutWendy?''' referring to Mr. Bannon's executive assistant. ''He said, 'She'sdifferent. She's family.'''Mr. Bannon's African-American friend from his Goldman years said that he hadbeen at pains to defend him in recent years to mutual acquaintances put offfirst by Breitbart's reputation and now by Mr. Bannon's association with Mr.Trump. Most Christmas seasons over the past two decades, he said, Mr. Bannon was''my only token white guy,'' or one of two or three, invited to an annual dinnerat a New York City club for nearly a score of African-American friends who workor worked in finance.''Now I'm getting a lot of, 'What happened to Steve?''' from concerned blackacquaintances, the friend said. He said he hoped Mr. Bannon -- and moreimportant, Mr. Trump -- would more forthrightly denounce the bigots who havecheered them on. Still, he said, he completely rejects the accusations againstMr. Bannon.''Hell, no, he's not a white nationalist,'' the friend said.Mr. Bannon took over as executive chairman of Breitbart News in 2012 after Mr.Breitbart died, playing a hands-on role in assigning, approving and sometimesdictating changes to articles, according to several former Breitbart employees.Staff members grew polarized for or against him. Most of them spoke on thecondition of anonymity because they had signed a nondisclosure agreement.They describe a decentralized operation overseen by Mr. Bannon in two conferencecalls a day. Employees rarely had any idea where their peripatetic boss wasbecause he seemed to be constantly moving between homes, offices or borrowedpremises in Florida, Washington, New York and occasionally Los Angeles orLondon.Mr. Bannon's critics assert that he sometimes put his political preferencesahead of fairness or even of the facts, directing that stories be rewritten tohis specifications and shrugging off protests that his changes might make theminaccurate. While Breitbart did not traffic in outright racial slurs, itspecialized in inflammatory coverage of police shootings, immigration and Islamin ways intended to prick liberal pieties.Alex Marlow, the editor in chief of Breitbart, denied that Mr. Bannon everdeliberately permitted an inaccurate story to run on the site. ''Breitbartrepresents certain values, like conservatism, populism and nationalism, andSteve Bannon wanted our content to reflect that,'' Mr. Marlow said. He said thesite has 45 million readers and should not be judged by ''a couple thousandpeople on Twitter'' who express offensive views.In 2011, as Mr. Trump pondered a 2012 presidential run, David Bossie, aconservative activist who headed Citizens United, took Mr. Bannon to Trump Towerin New York to meet him. ''They definitely hit it off,'' said Mr. Bossie, whohas collaborated with Mr. Bannon on a series of films.Mr. Trump and Mr. Bannon had in common a willingness to defy somesmall-government conservative notions -- for instance, by pushing for a large,costly infrastructure plan to create jobs.Mr. Bannon was deeply impressed in 2014 when an insurgent Virginia Republican,David Brat, managed an unexpected primary race upset of Representative EricCantor, the House majority leader. ''He began casting around for otherunconventional candidates to support -- people that were not a part of theestablishment and would run populist campaigns,'' Mr. Schweizer said.As Mr. Bannon became a steadily more obvious supporter of Mr. Trump, someBreitbart editors and reporters thought he was turning a news site into apropaganda platform -- though other staff members approved. Mr. Shapiro was themost outspoken critic, saying that Mr. Bannon had ''betrayed'' Mr. Breitbart'smission of ''fighting the bullies.''''In my opinion, Steve Bannon is a bully, and has sold out Andrew's mission inorder to back another bully, Donald Trump,'' Mr. Shapiro wrote in a statementwhen he quit Breitbart in March in support of Michelle Fields, a Breitbartreporter who had been roughly grabbed by Corey Lewandowski, then Mr. Trump'scampaign manager. ''He has shaped the company into Trump's personal Pravda.''If the criticism bothered Mr. Bannon, he did not show it. He was already deeplyinvolved in advising Mr. Trump, and he believed, unlike most pollsters andpundits, that the chaotic, low-budget campaign had a chance.One warm evening in August, after Mr. Trump called on Mr. Bannon to take chargeof the campaign, Mr. Caddell, the pollster, met with him at a New York hotel,sitting outside on a veranda.Mr. Bannon said he knew the campaign needed discipline, with Mr. Trump moreconsistently presenting himself as a populist outsider, Mr. Caddell recalled.''He said, 'Believe me, I'm going to bring this home. I know what needs to bedone, and I'm going to do it,''' Mr. Caddell said.Whatever Reagan scholars like Mr. Cannon might say, Mr. Bossie, who also joinedthe Trump campaign, said that he and Mr. Bannon discussed Reagan parallels asthey saw huge crowds waiting for hours to hear Mr. Trump. Mr. Reagan had runwhen many voters felt the country was threatened at home and abroad, Mr. Bossiesaid. ''You can see the same things today with Donald Trump -- that America haslost its way and it's lost its strength, and Americans are looking forleadership,'' he said.Kellyanne Conway, who took the job of campaign manager when Mr. Bannon becamechief executive, would later call him ''the general'' who made many criticaldecisions. He pushed for Mr. Trump to visit Flint, Mich., where the water supplywas contaminated with lead, and to appear at a black church. Mr. Bannon alsohugely accelerated the tempo of what he thought had been a 9-to-5 campaign.After a devastating recording surfaced of Mr. Trump bragging about sexuallyassaulting women, it was Mr. Bannon's idea to ''race to the bottom'' by invitingwomen who had accused former President Bill Clinton of sexual abuse to attend apresidential debate, according to another campaign official. Mr. Bannon believedairing the competing accusations would allow the campaign to return more quicklyto the core issues of American nationalism and a suffering middle class, theofficial said, speaking on the condition of anonymity about internaldiscussions.In the final weeks of the campaign, Mr. Bannon was sure the polls pointing to aClinton victory were wrong, other campaign officials said. His family, includingall four siblings and his 95-year-old father, made the trip to New York City forelection night.For Mr. Bannon, the long night at the New York Hilton was his secondpresidential campaign victory gathering, coming 36 years after the first. At4:30 a.m., Mr. Vorse, his former colleague, reached him to offercongratulations. He was reminded of their Hollywood days, when ''we would havevictories and Steve would celebrate for two seconds, and then it was on to thenext thing.''''He said, 'I got to go because we have a meeting in three hours. I got tohop.'''Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and in theMorning Briefing newsletter.URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/27/us/politics/steve-bannon-white-house.html