In Mayor Bill de Blasio's view, the election of Donald J. Trump was an almostapocalyptic upset: worrisome for immigrants, demoralizing for advocates of thepoor and disastrous for just about all of New York -- but not necessarily so forMr. de Blasio.As he seeks re-election in 2017, the mayor is trying to emerge from the chaos ofthe postelection period as the strongest messenger of Democratic Partyresistance, a crowded field of left-of-center leaders that includes SenatorsElizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Bernie Sanders of Vermont as well as Gov.Andrew M. Cuomo, the mayor's chief Democratic rival in New York.Unshackled from the need to defend Clintonian triangulation, freed to give fullvoice to his liberal views and presented with a ready-made antagonist rejectedby the city's voters, Mr. de Blasio has shown new energy in the days since hispreferred candidate, Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee, was defeated byPresident-elect Trump, a Republican.At union halls, in front of Trump Tower and in City Hall, Mr. de Blasio hasforcefully presented himself as a defender of the city's working people andminorities, who he has said are ''fearful'' of a Trump presidency. He isexpected to give what aides described as a major speech on Monday about theelection's impact on the city.Union endorsements have poured in -- three so far in the past week -- and otherlabor groups are considering climbing aboard early as well. No seriousre-election challenger has emerged against Mr. de Blasio, whose approval rating,in a poll conducted after the presidential election, has already increased.''Our focus should not be on trying to unseat Mayor de Blasio,'' the city'spublic advocate, Letitia James, said in an interview this week. ''Now is not thetime for infighting. Now is the time for maximizing our strength.''A recent Quinnipiac University poll, released after Mr. Trump's election, showedsome momentum for Mr. de Blasio: His support rose among blacks and Hispanics andshowed a slight uptick among whites. But the poll also showed the mayor'svulnerability: A plurality of voters told pollsters that he did not deserve asecond term, and about two-thirds of white voters still disapproved of hishandling of the job.Political analysts cautioned that the benefits Mr. Trump presents in theshort-term for the mayor may prove illusory, as the shock of his election wearsoff and the take-out-the-garbage details of a municipal election return to thefore.Some drew parallels between the defeat of Mrs. Clinton, a press-shy centrist whoran on her record and expected a victory, and Mr. de Blasio's re-electioneffort. Mr. de Blasio is counting on a base of support from black and Latinovoters to ward off a large number of skeptical white voters in the Democraticprimary, where the city's mayoral elections are often won and lost.''I won't go so far as to say he's assumptive, but if he's not careful, peoplewill believe that,'' said Bill Samuels, a backer of Mr. de Blasio and thefounder of EffectiveNY, a nonprofit devoted to government reform in the state.''There's a similarity to Clinton, but I think he's too smart to drift in thatway. If not, he's made a mistake.''Even among Mr. de Blasio's supporters, there has been discontent at the pace ofchange around his signature issues like police reform and affordable housing.While many New Yorkers, particularly white residents of Manhattan, have countedon a challenge to Mr. de Blasio from a centrist Democrat -- that is, from theright -- he might find himself more vulnerable to a charismatic candidate on theleft. Mr. de Blasio has, in some cases, struggled to combat well-organizedpolitical efforts, particularly from the ride-hailing company Uber, whichpresented him as a powerful mayor protecting a favored industry against workingNew Yorkers.''We're still waiting to see whether a Goldman Sachs housing agenda continues atCity Hall,'' said Jonathan Weisman of the advocacy group New York Communitiesfor Change, referring to the city's deputy mayor for housing and economicdevelopment, Alicia Glen, who is a former executive at the financial company.''Or whether this populist uprising of Trump and others is going to spursomething different.''Mr. Weisman criticized the mayor for counting as affordable a large number ofunits built during his administration that are too expensive for many of thecity's poorest. ''The policies of moderation are failing us,'' he said. ''Ithink there's space for the mayor to move aggressively to the left. If hedoesn't, there's space on the left for someone to jump in.''For his part, Mr. de Blasio, has rejuvenated the oppositional outsider rhetoricof his first campaign and has offered kind words for Mr. Sanders at severalpoints. (But he was careful to say at a news conference on Friday that he wasproud of supporting Mrs. Clinton.)''I've always been someone who was an insurgent,'' Mr. de Blasio said as heaccepted an endorsement from 32BJ of the Service Employees International Unionon Thursday. ''I've been an underdog in every election I've been in.''There are now two groups of potential candidates: Republicans who have declaredtheir candidacy, and Democratic leaders who are weighing whether to mount achallenge to an incumbent mayor of their own party.In the first group are names unfamiliar to many New Yorkers: Paul Massey, amillionaire real estate developer; Michael Faulkner, a Harlem minister andformer New York Jet who has been running since last year; Bo Dietl, a bombasticformer Fox News contributor and retired city detective who often refers to Mr.de Blasio as ''Big Bird.'' (Mr. Dietl, a lifelong Republican, said he wouldchange his party to Democrat to challenge the mayor in a primary, though recordsfrom last month show he had yet to do so.)On the other side are figures more familiar to followers of local politics: thecity's comptroller, Scott M. Stringer; Representative Hakeem Jeffries, whosedistrict includes parts of Brooklyn and Queens; and the Bronx borough president,Ruben Diaz Jr. All have been privately mulling the possibility of running withtheir aides and confidants; none have taken steps to formally declare a run.''Trump gives de Blasio something positive to talk about in the sense of beingan oppositional force,'' said Bradley Tusk, a former adviser to Michael R.Bloomberg who has been seeking challengers to the mayor. ''But at the end of theday, re-elections, especially municipal elections, are referendums on theincumbent. Do we think he was a good mayor, or do we not think he was a goodmayor?''Mr. Tusk and representatives of the mayor predictably disagree on the answer tothat question.''People are looking for a forceful voice who is going to stand up and be strongin the face of so much uncertainty and concern,'' said Phil Walzak, a topadviser to Mr. de Blasio's campaign. ''And that's a space that the mayor hasalways been very comfortable in.''Despite Mr. de Blasio's efforts to lock down support, the city is in the firstchapter of the 2017 election story, not the last, analysts and potentialcandidates said. All of the prospective challengers are awaiting the findings offederal prosecutors who are said to be looking into whether his administrationtraded favorable action for campaign contributions.John A. Catsimatidis, the grocery story magnate who is considering anotherRepublican run for mayor, said he would not make a decision until at leastJanuary. Similar timelines were described by other potential challengers whohave not yet declared.''What do you want to do, go around campaigning at Christmastime?'' Mr.Catsimatidis said.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/19/nyregion/mayor-de-blasios-political-standing-improves-after-trump-win-but-perils-remain.html