CAMBRIDGE, Mass. -- Cornel West, the fiery African-American scholar who brokewith Harvard University 14 years ago and whose searing critiques of PresidentObama earned him the enmity of many on the left, has been invited back to theuniversity to teach.He is to hold a joint appointment at the Harvard Divinity School and thedepartment of African and African-American studies as a professor of thepractice of public philosophy, a title reserved for those who have madeoutstanding contributions in their professional fields.''Our friend is coming back in this distinguished posture to resume anappointment like the one he had when he departed,'' said Lawrence D. Bobo, thechairman of the department.Dr. Bobo said the position is for ''someone who is recognized not simply as ascholar or teacher or significant voice, but who is on a bigger stage, who isspeaking to a broader public'' about ''the important questions of the day.''Faculty members at the Divinity School and in the department voted last springto invite Dr. West back. That put in motion a review and led to the offer, whichhas been authorized by the provost of the university, Dr. Bobo said.Harvard's administration declined to comment on Dr. West's expected return. Dr.West could not be reached for comment.The appointment will most likely take place by July before the next academicyear, but could occur as soon as January, Dr. Bobo said.Dr. West, 63, left Harvard in 2002 after an explosive, high-profile dispute withLawrence H. Summers, then the university's president, over the quality of Dr.West's scholarship and the depth of the university's commitment to affirmativeaction.He went to teach at Princeton, where, in 1980, he had been the firstAfrican-American to receive a Ph.D. in philosophy. He left Princeton in 2012 andreturned to Union Theological Seminary in New York, where he had begun histeaching career. Dr. West, who recently married his longtime partner, is nowretired from both Princeton and Union.Dr. West initially supported Mr. Obama for president in 2008, but later calledhim a ''war criminal,'' saying his support for Israel and his drone policy madehim complicit in the deaths of innocent people. He also referred to Mr. Obama as''a black mascot of Wall Street oligarchs,'' and in a 2012 interview called hima ''Rockefeller Republican in blackface.''Dr. West has remained intensely active politically. He was arrested in October2014 while protesting the police shooting of Michael Brown, an unarmed blackman, in Ferguson, Mo., and again in 2015, while demonstrating on the one-yearanniversary of Mr. Brown's death.Last year, he endorsed Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont for president. Mr.Sanders later named Dr. West one of his advisers on the Democratic platformcommittee, prompting some to question why Mr. Sanders had put an ''Obama hater''in such an influential position.Henry Louis Gates Jr., a professor and the director of the Hutchins Center forAfrican and African American Research at Harvard, said he and others had beenseeking to bring back Dr. West for some time.''I think that Cornel West is one of the most brilliant scholars working in theacademy,'' Dr. Gates said. ''When he came to Harvard in 1994, he energized thedepartment that we were building. His classes were packed with hundreds ofstudents, and I think his classes once again will be packed with hundreds ofstudents.''Dr. Bobo said that support among faculty for Dr. West's return was nearlyunanimous. ''I'm sure there are some ripples on the water of discontent,'' hesaid, ''but the waters of support run very, very, very deep. The expectation isthat he will be with us for a very long time.''URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/20/us/cornel-west-harvard.html