HIGHLIGHT: Michael R. Bloomberg, a former New York City mayor, said Americancities would continue to enact climate change policies because "doing so is intheir own self-interest."Donald J. Trump has said climate change is a hoax created by the Chinese to getthe United States to suppress its manufacturing sector. That prompted a publicrebuttal last week from a Chinese official attending a climate summit meeting inMarrakesh, Morocco.On Tuesday, Mr. Trump appeared to back away from the strict climate-denierviewpoint embraced by many Republicans in an interview with The New York Times,saying that there was "some connectivity" between human activity and climatechange. He also said he wanted to keep an "open mind" about whether to pull theUnited States out of the Paris Agreement, the main global climate change accord.Mr. Trump's opacity means it is unclear whether he will actually supportpolicies to limit the effects of climate change after being sworn in aspresident in January. But officials from China, which has surpassed the UnitedStates as the world's largest emitter of greenhouse gas, have said they willmove forward on climate policies without the Americans, if it comes to that.On Tuesday, Michael R. Bloomberg, the media tycoon and former mayor of New YorkCity, said that American cities would continue to enact climate policies nomatter what Mr. Trump and the federal government decided to do.Mr. Bloomberg made his remarks in Washington at a talk hosted by the ChinaGeneral Chamber of Commerce. They were adapted for an op-ed article publishedTuesday by Bloomberg View under the headline, "Washington Won't Have Last Wordon Climate Change."Mr. Bloomberg, a longtime advocate for action on climate change, praised XieZhenhua, China's climate envoy, for saying China remained committed to tacklingthe issue. "That's a responsible thing to do for the Chinese people and theworld," he said.Mr. Bloomberg added that if Mr. Trump decided to withdraw the United States fromthe Paris Agreement, then he would urge the mayors of 128 cities in the UnitedStates who see the need to fight climate change to join the agreement.Following is a central passage from Mr. Bloomberg's op-ed article:"I can't tell you what Donald Trump's administration will do - and in allfairness, they will need time to figure it out themselves. What's said on thecampaign trail is one thing; actually carrying out a specific policy is another.I hope they'll recognize the importance of the issue. But I am confident that nomatter what happens in Washington, no matter what regulations the nextadministration adopts or rescinds, no matter what laws the next Congress maypass, we will meet the pledges that the U.S. made in Paris."The reason is simple: Cities, businesses and citizens will continue reducingemissions, because they have concluded - just as China has - that doing so is intheir own self-interest."The U.S.'s success in fighting climate change has never been primarilydependent on Washington. Bear in mind: Over the past decade, Congress has notpassed a single bill that takes direct aim at climate change. Yet at the sametime, the U.S. has led the world in reducing emissions."That progress has been driven by cities, businesses and citizens - and none ofthem are letting up now. Just the opposite: All are looking for ways to expandtheir efforts. Mayors and local leaders around the country are determined tokeep pushing ahead on climate change."Mr. Bloomberg's remarks dovetail with recent ones made by American mayors whosay their cities will defy potential policies from Mr. Trump on critical issues.Among others, the mayors of New York, Chicago, Seattle, Philadelphia andWashington have said their cities will be immigrant sanctuaries that do notcooperate with United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement.In his visit with reporters and editors at The New York Times on Tuesday, Mr.Trump said of the Paris Agreement: "I'm looking at it very closely. I have anopen mind to it." In addressing the climate issue, he also said, "Clean air isvitally important."Mr. Trump appeared to be confusing the issues of climate change and airpollution. Carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases that accelerate climatechange do not cause smog. It is buildup of particulate matter that leads totoxic air, a severe problem in Chinese cities. Greenhouses gases and particulatematter can both come from the same source - in many cases, industrialcoal-burning - so any policies to limit the use of coal helps with both issues.The United States and China have made pledges to curb the use of coal.Mr. Bloomberg concluded the op-ed article published Tuesday with this thought:"Washington will not have the last word on the fate of the Paris Agreement inthe U.S. - mayors will, together with business leaders and citizens."Get politics news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the Morning Briefingnewsletter.