When she was a teenager on the South Side of Chicago in the late 1990s, DonnaAlexander fantasized about setting up a space where stressed-out people couldrelieve their tension in a safe, nonviolent way -- by smashing mannequins,televisions, furniture and other objects. She was confident in her idea, but shewasn't sure how to turn it into a business.Finally, in the fall of 2008, and by then living in Dallas, Ms. Alexander beganan experiment. She invited current and past co-workers to her garage topulverize items she had collected from the curbs in her neighborhood. ''I wouldplay music on my laptop and just let them have at it,'' she says. She charged$5. Soon, word of the stress-relief sessions spread throughout Dallas.''I started getting strangers at my door asking if my house was the place tobreak stuff,'' Ms. Alexander said. ''When that happened, I knew I had abusiness.''Over the next few years while she looked for a suitable location for thecompany, Ms. Alexander accrued a four-month waiting list. In December 2011, shequit her job as a marketing manager for a steakhouse to officially start theAnger Room in a 1,000-square-foot space in downtown Dallas.The Anger Room charges $25 for five minutes of crushing printers, alarm clocks,glass cups, vases and the like. Prices rise to about $500 for custom roomsetups. The most expensive setup so far has been a faux retail store, repletewith racks of clothing.Several other anger rooms have popped up around the world, including in Houston,Toronto, Niagara Falls and Australia.The American presidential election increased business at some anger rooms.Stressed-out voters traveled all the way to Toronto from New York before andafter the election, says Steve Shew, co-founder of the Rage Room there.Customers wrote the name of the candidate they were frustrated with on a plateand smashed it.At the Anger Room in Dallas, mannequins of Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton weretaking beatings before the election. Customers demolished two Clintonmannequins, requiring replacements. But Trump attracted even more ire. ''We'vegone through at least three of the male mannequins that we have to dress up asDonald Trump,'' Ms. Alexander says.Sessions in an anger room are meant to be therapeutic. But mental healthprofessionals question the efficacy of rampaging in a faux cubicle or whackingairborne glasses.''Although it's appealing to think that expressing anger can reduce stress,there is not much evidence of that,'' says George M. Slavich, a clinicalpsychologist and director of the Laboratory for Stress Assessment and Researchat the University of California, Los Angeles. ''On the contrary, the types ofphysiological and immune responses that occur during anger can actually beharmful for health.''Mr. Slavich recommends stress-reduction techniques that can be incorporated intodaily life, such as mindfulness-based stress reduction, meditation and cognitivebehavior therapy.Nevertheless, customers of the Anger Room have paid to re-enact a scene from themovie ''Office Space,'' in which the main characters, a trio of disgruntledcomputer programmers, beat a printer with a baseball bat. The company can alsocustomize the workplace experience, recreating a customer's own office.''You have a desk with a computer and phone, chair and a mannequin dressed up ina suit, uniform or whatever relates to their real-life issue,'' Ms. Alexandersays.Customers are provided with protective equipment that includes a helmet,goggles, boots and gloves. And they can pick out a music soundtrack -- includingclassical, R&B, grunge and heavy metal -- and an array of objects to swing.''Some of our typical options are baseball bats, golf clubs, two-by-fours,'' Ms.Alexander says. ''We get things like metal pipes, mannequin arms and legs,skillets, legs from tables. Sledgehammers, crowbars and things like that.''Off-limits are sharp objects and those that use ammunition.The Anger Room accepts donations for its rooms from residents and businesses inthe Dallas-Fort Worth area. Its four employees also go out on bulk trash pickupdays looking for crushable items. The employees build the rooms, filling themwith the breakables, and do the postwreckage cleanup.Customers have included executives at large corporations, including Hilton andMicrosoft, Ms. Alexander says. In the first year, the Anger Room's revenue was$170,000. Since then, she has received about 2,500 inquiries from other aspiringanger-room entrepreneurs, and she is in the process of drafting a licensingagreement for franchisees.At the Rage Room in Toronto, 45 minutes of destruction costs $19.99 and includesvideo downloads of the sessions. Customers bring their own music.The Rage Room's ''date night package'' is its most popular offering, Mr. Shewsays. And a favorite activity for couples is for one person to throw a cup inthe air for their date to smash.''People really love that,'' Mr. Shew says. ''I guess because it has a bit of ateamwork element to it.''The Rage Room grew out of a business called Battle Sports, a staging ground fora sport known as archery dodge ball. After the expansion, ''there was a huge,huge uptick in website traffic,'' Mr. Shew said. Specifically, web visits havejumped to 1,200 from about 400 a day. Revenue has also increased, and thecompany has fielded many inquiries from prospective Rage Room franchisees. Sofar, it has granted licenses to a handful of them for $1,000.Start-up costs for such a business are modest, Mr. Shew says. ''All you're doingis just setting up the room, reinforcing the walls, giving them a bat andcrowbar, getting some smashing items and they just go in there,'' he says. Addto that providing protective gear, obtaining insurance and finding a suitablespot for the business.In the first several years, Ms. Alexander struggled to find a permanent space.The company's first location was near Texas Instruments, which became a sourceof breakables. But after the first year, the business outgrew the space. Overthe next four years, it moved three times.Mr. Shew concurs that finding an appropriate space for an anger room is achallenge. Retail districts are not well suited to it, he says. ''We find thatmost people have an easier time with more of the industrial warehouse areas.''Another early obstacle for both the Anger Room and the Rage Room was obtaininginsurance. Since it's a new concept, Ms. Alexander says her insurer ''literallyhad to create a category for my business.''URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/26/business/anger-rooms-a-smashing-new-way-to-relieve-stress.html