HIGHLIGHT: Here's what you need to know to start your day.Good morning.Here's what you need to know:President-elect Donald J. Trump moved to diversify his cabinet, selecting Gov.Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina, above, to be the U.S. ambassador to the U.N.and Betsy DeVos, a prominent Republican philanthropist, for education secretary.He is also nearing an announcement of Ben Carson to the post of secretary ofhousing and urban development.Ms. Haley, a 44-year-old Indian-American, is the first female governor of SouthCarolina. Both she and Mr. Carson, a retired neurosurgeon who ran against Mr.Trump in the Republican primary, have clashed with Mr. Trump._____It is Thanksgiving in the United States on Thursday, and Mr. Trump will spendthe holiday holding meetings in Mar-a-Lago, his upscale club in Florida.The use of his vast real estate holdings is raising questions about whether heis exploiting the high profile of the presidency to draw attention to hisproperties.Hillary Clinton has widened her lead in the popular vote to 1.5 percentagepoints, a spread not seen for a losing candidate since the disputed election of1876._____The European Parliament is expected to vote today to suspend negotiations onbringing Turkey into the European Union after criticism of the country'scrackdown on the press and other freedoms.President Recep Tayyip Erdogan reacted bitterly. "The E.U. Parliament resortingto such a vote means it takes terror organizations under its wings, it takessides with them," he said._____Britain's government defended its revised, lower expectations on the country'seconomic growth, but supporters of the decision to leave the E.U. criticized theoutlook as too gloomy.Philip Hammond, the chancellor of the Exchequer, cast aside the language ofausterity and shelved a pledge by his predecessor to balance the budget by 2020._____Air pollution causes 467,000 premature deaths in Europe every year, the EuropeanEnvironment Agency estimated.This month, a suffocating cloud of pollution also settled over Delhi, India. Ourcorrespondent visited two families at opposite ends of the economic spectrum tosee how they coped with the crisis there._____BusinessA 48-hour pilots' strike at Lufthansa will be extended through today. More than215,000 travelers have been affected, the airline said.Airbus is preparing the first flight of its newest airplane, the A350-1000, inToulouse, France, today.Tomorrow is Black Friday, which kicks off the holiday shopping frenzy in theU.S.Americans are expected to spend $632 billion this holiday season, up from $607billion last year. For the first time, more than half that growth will come fromonline shopping.The exuberant reaction of financial markets to the U.S. presidential electionhas solidified expectations that the Federal Reserve will raise interest ratesin mid-December.U.S. markets will be closed for the holiday on Thursday. Here's a snapshot ofglobal markets.In the NewsThomas Mair, a Briton with a history of extremist right-wing beliefs, wasconvicted on Wednesday of murdering the lawmaker Jo Cox in June. [The New YorkTimes]Donald Trump Jr., the president-elect's eldest son, privately discussedcooperation with Russia on the war in Syria with diplomats, businessmen andpoliticians in Paris last month. [The Guardian]Martin Schulz, the president of the European Parliament, announced his return tonational politics in Germany today. The Social Democrat could run againstChancellor Angela Merkel in next year's elections or replace Frank-WalterSteinmeier as foreign minister. [Euronews]The commander of the Estonian Navy has resigned after a warship was found to becarrying smuggled alcohol and cigarettes. [BBC]An experimental Alzheimer's drug that had previously appeared to show promise inslowing the deterioration of thinking and memory has failed in a large clinicaltrial. [The New York Times]Mahmoud Abou Zeid, a photojournalist imprisoned in Egypt, received anInternational Press Freedom Award. Here's a look at his work. [The New YorkTimes]NoteworthyChampions League: FC Rostov, in its first victory in soccer's most glamorousclub competition, defeated Bayern Munich. Atlético Madrid defeated P.S.V.Eindhoven, 2-0. A tie between Napoli and Dynamo Kyiv was followed by violentclashes in the streets of Naples."Anselm Kiefer in China" is running in Beijing, but Mr. Kiefer wants no part ofit. The German artist said the organizers did not get his permission for theshow.Our latest 360 video looks at a San Francisco restaurant that hosts a holidaymeal for its employees and serves Burmese delicacies.Ancient turkey eggs found in a fortress in Mexico suggest that humansdomesticated the birds at least 1,500 years ago.In 14th-century Prague, Beatrice of Bourbon and her baby, Duke Wenceslaus I,became the first mother and child to both survive a cesarean section, it is nowbelieved.And the eight-line poem by Anne Frank we told you about yesterday? It fetchedabout $148,000 at auction.Back StoryMore than a billion tons of food is wasted each year, according to the U.N., andthe United States is the among the biggest offenders.The country wastes about 400 pounds of food per person, yet one in sevenAmericans goes hungry each day, one estimate finds.But amid the gloomy news, a recent report by Harvard University outlined severalinnovative efforts taking place worldwide to minimize waste.A pair of apps attack the problem in two ways. One in San Francisco locatesplaces with unused food so that it can be driven to shelters and churches.Another serving the European Union alerts consumers to deals on items nearingtheir expiration dates.Inhospitable climates can also contribute to food waste. A solar-poweredrefrigerator has been used to preserve food in a particularly hot region ofIndia.Sometimes it's a matter of looks. Fruits and vegetables are often tossed becausethey're misshapen. A company in Germany picks up "odd-looking" edibles and cooksthem for catered events.The kitchen is also a focal point of a three-pronged program in Washington.Unemployed residents are trained to be chefs. Using unwanted food, they makemeals for the homeless.As for how we can reduce food waste at home, an expert offers a simple tip: Buyless and freeze more.Kenneth R. Rosen contributed reporting._____Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version ofthe briefing should help.The Europe Edition of the Morning Briefing won't be published on Friday becauseof the Thanksgiving holiday, but we will be back Monday.Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings.What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes.com.