DURHAM, N.C. -- Democrats and Republicans in this fiercely contested politicalbattleground have regularly resorted to creative legal maneuvers andelection-law changes in their efforts to wring every last vote from the state'snearly seven million voters. But even by that standard, the disputed,hairbreadth race for governor is plowing litigious and acrimonious ground.Scrambling to save the incumbent governor, Pat McCrory, Republicans said theywere pursuing protests in about half of North Carolina's 100 counties, allegingthat fraud and technical troubles had pushed the Democratic nominee, AttorneyGeneral Roy Cooper, to a statewide lead of more than 6,500 votes. ButRepublican-controlled county elections boards, including one here in vote-richDurham County, turned back some of the challenges on Friday.The legal and political jockeying raised the specter of a recount, and it couldultimately climax in a political wild card: Mr. McCrory using a state law tocontest the election in the state's Republican-dominated General Assembly.''We're supposed to have an inauguration on Jan. 7,'' Theresa Kostrzewa, aRepublican lobbyist, said Friday. ''Are we going to have a governor? That, Ithink, is what most people are going to start wondering pretty soon.''The governor's race this year was among the most bitterly contested campaigns inthe country. The state was a prime battleground in the presidential election,and it has been fractured by debates about voting, transgender rights, Medicaidand abortion. Republicans largely prevailed here on Election Day: Donald J.Trump won North Carolina by more than three percentage points, and SenatorRichard Burr was re-elected by a larger margin -- but Mr. McCrory struggled.The contest's aftermath has become a protracted spectacle. Mr. McCrory'scampaign said this week that there were ''known instances of votes being cast bydead people, felons or individuals who voted more than once.'' A spokesman forMr. Cooper, Ford Porter, replied that the governor had ''set a new standard fordesperation.''Such arguments helped transform what might have been perfunctory meetings ofelections regulators into crucial sessions that stirred frustration on bothsides. In Durham County, a Democratic stronghold, officials held aquasi-judicial gathering with sworn witnesses, an out-of-state lawyer anddetailed discussions about the mechanics of elections.''This is not a situation where politics enters into it,'' William J. Brian Jr.,a Republican who is the chairman of the county elections board, sternly told thecrowded hearing room to widespread laughter and skepticism.But to the delight of the McCrory critics who filled the room, the electionsboard unanimously spurned a challenge that the North Carolina Republican Party'sgeneral counsel, Thomas Stark, had filed. According to preliminary results, Mr.Cooper won the county by nearly 90,000 votes, or about 59 percentage points.(Durham County will not certify its count until at least Monday.)''There are a lot of protests out there going to specific issues that are 10, 15more votes here and there,'' Mr. Stark said. ''And by the time you movestatewide, that's a lot of votes. If it's not resolved at the counties, it willend up at the state board, and the state board will have to sort it all out.''As other Republican-controlled county elections boards rejected challenges fromMr. McCrory's allies on Friday, the governor's critics complained of baselessprotests that they believed were intended to discredit North Carolina'spolitical climate.''They're silly, small in number, poorly researched and often defamatory,''Allison Riggs, a lawyer for the Southern Coalition for Social Justice, said ofthe Republican challenges. Ms. Riggs, who was monitoring proceedings in nearbyWake County, which includes Raleigh, the state capital, said some challengesbrought by Mr. McCrory's supporters had been easily rebuffed through a fewminutes of internet research.A spokesman for the McCrory campaign, Ricky Diaz, said Friday that the campaignexpected people who brought the unsuccessful challenges to appeal to the StateBoard of Elections, which comprises three Republicans and two Democrats. Countyelections boards are made up of two Republicans and one Democrat.The wrangling plays out in a state that has often been the epicenter of thenational debate about voter identification requirements and other,Republican-backed changes to elections rules.When North Carolina Democrats controlled the state government in recent decades,they sought to cement their franchise by enacting a string of laws that made iteasier to register and vote, aiming in part to recruit more black voters.Combined with enforcement of the federal Voting Rights Act, the effect wasprofound: By 2012, turnout among African-Americans, who are overwhelminglyDemocratic, soared to 68.5 percent, up from about 42 percent in 2000.But when Republicans gained absolute control over the executive and legislativebranches after the 2012 elections, they set about undoing the frameworkDemocrats had built. After the United States Supreme Court struck down a crucialpart of the Voting Rights Act, state legislators pared early voting, imposed aphoto ID requirement and ended same-day registration. A federal appeals courtruled against much of that law in July, concluding it had targeted black voterswith ''almost surgical precision.'' That decision faces an uncertain futurebefore a Supreme Court poised to have a justice nominated by Mr. Trump.But the immediate question in North Carolina is how long Mr. McCrory willdispute the results and whether he might ultimately ask the General Assembly toconsider the election.Under state law, the legislature could order a new election or, ''if it candetermine which candidate received the highest number of votes,'' it may declarea winner. The law asserts that the legislature's decision in such a contest is''not reviewable'' by the courts.Mr. Diaz said talk about legislative involvement ''seems to be media-drivenspeculation, but we're not going to discuss possible future steps that thecampaign may or may not take.''He added, ''We are extremely concerned about the voter fraud revelations thatare emerging across the state and intend to ensure that every vote is countedand counted properly.''A lawyer for Mr. Cooper, Marc E. Elias, who also played down the possibilitythat the General Assembly might decide the election's outcome, said Republicanchallenges were ''calculated at nothing other than needless delay.''''There is nothing,'' he added, ''that Gov. McCrory or his legal team are goingto be able to do to undo what is just basic math.''URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/19/us/north-carolina-governor-election.html