HIGHLIGHT: President-elect Donald J. Trump hinted strongly that he wasconsidering picking James N. Mattis, a retired Marine Corps general, to bedefense secretary.BEDMINSTER, N.J. - President-elect Donald J. Trump has turned the vital, butnormally inscrutable, process of forming a government into a Trump-branded,made-for-television spectacle, parading his finalists for top administrationpositions this weekend before reporters and the world.The two days unfolded like a pageant, with the many would-be officials stridingup the circular driveway at Trump National Golf Club here, meeting Mr. Trumpbelow three glass chandeliers at the entrance and shaking hands while facing thecameras. To build suspense, Mr. Trump offered teasing hints about comingannouncements."I think so," he said about whether he would make any appointments on Sunday. "Ithink so. It could very well happen."Among the contenders he met with was James N. Mattis, a hard-charging retiredMarine Corps general. He appears - according to Mr. Trump's own words on Twitter- to be the leading candidate for defense secretary.Outside the club's three-story farmhouse on Saturday, the president-elect pokeda finger in General Mattis's direction and called him "a great man." The nextmorning, at 8:39, Mr. Trump gushed again, this time on Twitter, calling him"very impressive" and saying he was "a true general's general!"Perhaps by design, the roster of figures arriving at the club was difficult topigeonhole: There were loyalists (Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former New Yorkmayor), former adversaries (Mitt Romney, who once called Mr. Trump a "phony"),Democrats (Michelle A. Rhee, the former schools chief in Washington) andscientists (Patrick Soon-Shiong, a billionaire cancer doctor).But despite that appearance of diversity, Mr. Trump's choices so far fornational security posts seem to show a preference for older white men withsimilar hard-line views on immigration, the military and terrorism. Most of theleading candidates for other jobs appear to be white men, as well, including Mr.Giuliani, whose own business activities have faced scrutiny.If he is nominated as secretary of state, Mr. Giuliani would face questions overhis security firm's ties to the government of Qatar and the speeches he gave toan Iranian exile opposition group that until 2012 was on the State Department'slist of foreign terrorist organizations.Asked whether he was concerned about Mr. Giuliani's business dealings, Mr. Trumpsaid, "No, not at all."Mr. Trump, as he used his golf resort as the backdrop for his officialactivities, gave no indication that he was concerned about news reports over theweekend that he had held meetings last week with three Indian business partnerseven as he was starting to assemble his administration.The very public process - CNN trained a camera on the golf club's wooden frontdoor throughout the day on Sunday - has borne few similarities to attempts byMr. Trump's predecessors to project an image of careful, private vetting ofcabinet-level hopefuls.Officials running President Obama's transition in late 2008 took pains to keepunder wraps his plans to select Hillary Clinton for secretary of state, and theyorchestrated a secret meeting at the firehouse at Reagan National Airport todiscuss keeping Robert M. Gates as defense secretary.But for Mr. Trump and his aides, many of whom have long rejected the capital'scustoms, such traditions are best discarded."This has been a year and election cycle where the normal conventions and pasthistory has been challenged," said Kevin Madden, a Republican strategist whoselongtime boss, Mr. Romney, discussed the secretary of state post with Mr. Trump."Why would the transition and the first few months of the administration be anydifferent?" Mr. Madden said. "Trump does things Trump's way."After each interview, Mr. Trump, dressed in a suit and tie, emerged from theclub next to an American flag to see the candidates off to their sport-utilityvehicles and once again speak with reporters."Tremendous talent - we're seeing tremendous talent," Mr. Trump said onSaturday. "People that, as I say, we will 'make America great again.' These arereally great people. These are really, really talented people."By the evening, however, Mr. Trump had announced no appointments, leavingreporters waiting on the cold, gusty day to speculate about Mr. Trump's briefcomments."We made a couple of deals," he said as his weekend of interviews drew to aclose.Mr. Giuliani is apparently in competition with several others for the secretaryof state position, including David H. Petraeus, the retired four-star generalwho served as Mr. Obama's C.I.A. director before leaving amid revelations thathe had provided classified information to a woman with whom he was having anaffair.Mr. Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential nominee and one of Mr. Trump'sfiercest critics during the 2016 campaign, met with the president-elect onSaturday. If he becomes secretary of state, he could be a moderating influenceon the hard-liners Mr. Trump has chosen for attorney general, national securityadviser and C.I.A. director."I can say that Governor Romney is under active and serious consideration toserve as secretary of state of the United States," Vice President-elect MikePence said Sunday on CBS's "Face the Nation" program.Mr. Trump's consideration of General Mattis, who is widely respected throughoutthe military, could also signal an effort to ease concerns among members of theWashington establishment about the shape of his cabinet.General Mattis, who led the First Marine Division during the 2003 invasion ofIraq to topple Saddam Hussein, later commanded American troops during thehard-fought battle to retake Falluja from Sunni insurgents in 2004. But hisargument for a tougher military posture against Iran at times clashed with theviews of Mr. Obama and his national security team. General Mattis, who would bethe first former ranking general to become defense secretary since GeorgeMarshall in the early 1950s, would need a congressional waiver to take officebecause federal law stipulates that the Pentagon chief be out of uniform forseven years. General Mattis retired from the Marines in 2013.As Mr. Trump moves to complete his national security team, he may soon turn hisattention to domestic affairs. Aides have said members of the transitioneffort's economic and domestic policy teams will fan out to meet with agencyofficials starting on Monday.Mr. Obama, asked Sunday at a summit meeting in Lima, Peru, about stances Mr.Trump has taken that align with the views of his nascent national security team,said: "I can't guarantee that the president-elect won't pursue some of thepositions that he's taken. But what I can guarantee is that reality will forcehim to adjust how he approaches many of these issues. That's just the way thisoffice works."Mr. Trump also continued his practice of early-morning bursts on Twitter thisweekend. Before attending church with Mr. Pence, Mr. Trump condemned the cast of"Hamilton" for its onstage appeal on Friday night to the vice president-elect -who was in the audience - to uphold the rights of a "diverse America.""The cast and producers of 'Hamilton,' which I hear is highly overrated, shouldimmediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior," Mr. Trumpwrote.In another Twitter post, the president-elect expressed his disapproval of"Saturday Night Live," calling it a "totally one-sided, biased show - nothingfunny at all." Mr. Trump was portrayed on the show as being overwhelmed by theprospect of being president.Even as Mr. Trump bemoaned the actions of the cast of "Hamilton," a smash hit onBroadway, Mr. Pence said on Sunday morning that he was not offended or bothered.In an appearance on "Fox News Sunday," Mr. Pence said he would "leave it toothers" to decide whether the theater was an appropriate place for a politicalmessage."'Hamilton' is just an incredible production and just incredibly talentedpeople," Mr. Pence said. "It was a real joy to be there."Follow The New York Times's politics and Washington coverage onFacebookandTwitter, and sign up for theFirst Draft politics newsletter.Michael S. Schmidt reported from Bedminster, and Michael D. Shear fromWashington. Nicholas Fandos and Mark Landler contributed reporting fromWashington.PHOTOS: President-elect Donald J. Trump greeted contenders on Sunday. (A1);President-elect Donald J. Trump with Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former New Yorkmayor, on Sunday. Mr. Giuliani is apparently in competition with several othersfor the secretary of state position, and Mr. Trump said he was "not at all"concerned about Mr. Giuliani's business dealings, which have come underscrutiny. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY HILARY SWIFT FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (A14)Related Articles     ·    Donald Trump Meeting Suggests He Is Keeping Up His Business Ties     ·    Donald Trump Agrees to Pay $25 Million in Trump University Settlement     ·    The Trump Transition     ·    Trump Says Transition's Going 'Smoothly,' Disputing Disarray Reports     ·    Firings and Discord Put Trump Transition Team in a State of Disarray