ELKHORN, Wis. -- The basement room was cleared of pens with blue or black ink,items that could mar paper ballots. Anyone wearing a coat was told to leave itin the hallway, in case something nefarious was hidden underneath. Waterbottles, purses and keys were placed on the floor, leaving the large plastictables smooth and uncluttered.And at 9 a.m., with the brisk rap of a county clerk's wooden gavel, the firstrecount of the 2016 presidential election was underway in Wisconsin, withanother recount pending in the neighboring battleground state of Michigan.For the next 12 days, election officials across all 72 counties in Wisconsinwill work days, nights and weekends to recount nearly three million ballots, aneffort initiated and financed by Jill Stein, the Green Party presidentialcandidate, who has suggested that voting machines in the state could have beenhacked.Very few people expect that the recount will reverse the outcome of theelection. President-elect Donald J. Trump triumphed here over Hillary Clinton by22,177 votes, and in Michigan by 10,704 votes, a margin that a lawyer for Mrs.Clinton, Marc Elias, said had never been overcome in a recount. Legal challengesto the vote in Pennsylvania, where Mr. Trump leads by 70,638 votes, are alsounderway.As Wisconsin was beginning to take another look at its votes, the efforts inMichigan and Pennsylvania remained in flux.The Michigan secretary of state's office announced that Mr. Trump on Thursdayobjected to the recount, halting plans to begin the process on Friday. Lawyersfor Mr. Trump argued that Ms. Stein did not qualify to demand a recount and thatit would not be finished in time for the Electoral College, which meets on Dec.19. The board plans to hear the objection on Friday, and if it rejects it, therecount would probably commence on Tuesday.In Pennsylvania, where Ms. Stein's efforts have more hurdles, election officialsin Philadelphia said on Thursday that, pending litigation, they would beginrecounting votes in 75 precincts on Friday, a small portion of the nearly 1,700in the city. The elections commission, though, denied a request for a fullforensic audit of the city's voting machines.Here in Elkhorn, a city of about 10,000 people in Walworth County in southernWisconsin, the recount began in a government building downtown, where workersapproached their task with both urgency and trepidation. They are expecting tocount ballots for close to 12 hours a day until the task is complete -- theirdeadline is Dec. 12. The Electoral College will vote on Dec. 19.''We're going to be working long hours, but we're going to get this done,'' saidKimberly S. Bushey, the clerk for Walworth County. When a co-worker suggestedthat the group would be taking a lunch break at some point, she answered with aterse ''Maybe.''Tabulators, mostly retirees, are being paid $25 for each half day they work, andcounty officials say they would bring in workers as needed to count the 51,000ballots in time.In Wisconsin, recounts are not terribly unusual. Another vast statewide recounthappened only four years ago, for a seat on the state's Supreme Court. Therecount took more than a month.Michael Cotter, a staff member in the county clerk's office, stood on thesidelines on Thursday morning and recalled at least three other recounts that hehad taken part in, dating from a countywide do-over for a judicial seat in thespring of 2000.''We had punch ballots back then, so I knew all about pregnant chads and hangingchads before Bush and Gore,'' he said. ''They kept falling out of the ballotsand they were all over the floor, like confetti.''Election officials here seemed determined to keep the process orderly. Observerswere told to stay several feet away from the tabulators, on one side of the roommarked off by green tape. Donna Emelity, a tabulator, said she was volunteeringout of a sense of civic duty. ''Wisconsin is run very honest,'' she said. ''Ithink it will prove to people that it's an honest election and it'll help peoplehave more confidence.''Representatives of the campaigns were allowed to be closer to the process,peering over the shoulders of election officials as they tested machines andused pliers to snip open white plastic sacks of ballots.Mary Gilding, a volunteer for the Stein campaign who was there to oversee therecount, said that she did not ''have a dog in this fight,'' but merely wantedto ensure that the election results were accurate.''I hope we find that there won't be anything that went wrong in our littlecounty,'' Ms. Gilding said. ''But with all that's going on with hacking, we needto find out for sure.''Ms. Stein has argued that counting by hand is more accurate than machinerecounting, but lost a hearing on Tuesday that could have mandated a statewidehand count. That left the decision up to individual county clerks, who optedmostly for a hand count. A few said they were bowing to demands from people whofound counting by machines to be suspicious; Walworth County officials said theywould use a combination of counting by hand and feeding ballots into an opticalscanner.In a statement, Ms. Stein hailed the start of the recount as a ''critical firststep towards restoring faith in our voting system'' while urging electionadministrators to review ballots by hand, and ''not simply push a button thatwould repeat whatever problems may have occurred in the original tally.''State Republicans have dismissed the recount as a stunt. Mr. Trump posted anangry response on Twitter about it this week.Governor Walker, a Republican, has criticized the recount. ''The motivationsbehind the recount are questionable and ultimately costly,'' Tom Evenson, aspokesman, said in an email. ''Governor Walker has confidence in Wisconsin'selectoral process and believes it is both fair and protected.''Andrea Kaminski, executive director of the League of Women Voters in Wisconsin,said she did not expect the recount to change the election results in asignificant way.But she said the recount was consistent with a Wisconsin trait: ''the fact thatwe have so darn many elections.''''That reflects not so much our high level of civic participation, but thepolarization that we're under right now,'' she said. ''Right now, Wisconsin isjust in a lock of polarized politics where neither side is willing tocompromise.''URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/01/us/vote-recounts-wisconsin-michigan-pennsylvania.html