One big fear in the weeks leading up to the presidential election was thatDonald Trump would try to delegitimize the results by claiming rampant voterfraud -- a bogus specter he had raised throughout the campaign, particularly ashis polling numbers got worse.In that scenario, of course, Mr. Trump was the loser. No one imagined he wouldsay the election was rigged if he won. And yet here we are.On Sunday, President-elect Trump unleashed a barrage of tweets complaining aboutcalls for recounts or vote audits in several closely contested states, andculminating in this message: ''In addition to winning the Electoral College in alandslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who votedillegally.''In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popularvote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally -- Donald J. Trump(@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2016This is a lie, part of Mr. Trump's pattern, stretching back many years, ofdisregard for indisputable facts. There is no evidence of illegal voting on evena small scale anywhere in the country, let alone a systematic conspiracyinvolving ''millions.'' But this is the message that gets hammered relentlesslyby right-wing propaganda sites like InfoWars, which is run by a conspiracytheorist who claims the Sandy Hook school massacre was a hoax -- and whoseabsurdities Mr. Trump has often shouted through his megaphone, which willshortly bear the presidential seal. Mr. Trump added more fuel to the fire withthe false claim of ''serious voter fraud'' in California, Virginia and NewHampshire -- all states that went for Hillary Clinton.In addition to insulting law-abiding voters everywhere, these lies about fraudthreaten the foundations of American democracy. They have provided thejustification for state voter-suppression laws around the country, and theycould give the Trump administration a pretext to roll back voting rights on anational scale.And why is Mr. Trump so hung up on the popular vote in the first place? Afterall, he won where it counts -- in the Electoral College. And yet, in the threeweeks since his victory, Mr. Trump has already admitted at least twice that hewould prefer the presidency be determined by the popular vote, and not by 538electors. It's clear he feels threatened by Mrs. Clinton's popular-vote lead --now more than 2.3 million and  expected to exceed 2.5 million; as a percentageof the electorate, that is a wider margin than five presidents  enjoyed. Withsupport for third-party candidates added in, 54 percent of voters rejected Mr.Trump.So maybe his touchiness is understandable. Like most people, Mr. Trump sensesthe fundamental unfairness of awarding the presidency to the loser of thepopular vote. In fact, he made that argument himself, back on election night in2012, calling the Electoral College ''a disaster for democracy'' when hebelieved, incorrectly, that President Obama would lose the popular vote andstill win re-election. (In recent weeks he's changed his tune, calling it a''genius'' idea.) What Mr. Trump may not know, given his lack of interest inAmerican history, is that the Electoral College was designed specifically toenhance the influence of white voters in Southern states, which were allowed tofactor in their large slave populations.Today the Electoral College continues to give an outsized benefit to smaller andless populous states -- a Wyoming resident's vote weighs 3.6 times more than aCalifornian's. So the less populous states will never agree to amend it out ofthe Constitution. But states may allocate their electoral votes however theychoose, and that opens the door to greater equity without changing theConstitution -- namely, the National Popular Vote interstate compact. This is anagreement among a group of states to award all their electoral votes to thewinner of the national popular vote. Eleven states and the District of Columbiahave already adopted it, representing 165 electoral votes. The compact wouldtake effect once states representing a majority of electoral votes, currently270, signed on -- ensuring that the national popular-vote winner becamepresident.We can't expect Mr. Trump to throw his weight behind this initiative, given hisnew support for the Electoral College. But if he's truly worried about thelegitimacy of the 2016 election, why doesn't he call for a recount?Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion),and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.URL:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/28/opinion/donald-trumps-lies-about-the-popular-vote.html