Nov. 23--Debra Haaland announced Tuesday she will not seek a second term as NewMexico Democratic Party chairwoman. Her decision comes after a string ofDemocratic victories around the state during this month's election and abruising presidential primary earlier this year in which she was accused ofshowing favoritism toward eventual nominee Hillary Clinton.Haaland, 55, of Laguna Pueblo will continue to lead the organization throughApril, when Democrats will elect a new state leader. One prospective successorimmediately declared his interest in the post.The party's 24-year-old vice chairman, Juan Sanchez of Belen, said Tuesday nighthe will seek to help unify the party and "bring back people that feel they'vebeen left out in the cold."Democrats elected Haaland as chairwoman in April 2015, months after Republicanswon control of the New Mexico House of Representatives for the first time sincethe 1950s and Gov. Susana Martinez cinched a second term along with Secretary ofState Dianna Duran. Haaland had been on the ballot herself, as an unsuccessfullieutenant governor candidate.The first American Indian to lead either of the state's major political parties,Haaland pledged to help Democrats rebuild by bolstering the ranks of volunteers,placing greater emphasis on voter registration efforts and paying off debts.Haaland seems to have ticked off those boxes. "We achieved every goal we set outto achieve," Haaland said in an email to members of the party's centralcommittee.The party enjoyed a boon in voter registration this year, regained control ofthe state House of Representatives, cinched the race for Secretary of State, andgave an 8-point victory to Clinton in her ultimately unsuccessful race for theWhite House. A spokeswoman says the party also paid off its debts.But Haaland became a target as registered Democrats split during thepresidential primary.Backers of U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., accused Haaland of undermining theprogressive politician's campaign for the presidential nomination. A group ofSanders supporters last month called for her ouster, alleging that she canceleda straw poll for presidential candidates at the Democrats' pre-primaryconvention earlier this year because so many Sanders supporters showed up.Many in the party nonetheless credit Haaland for her outreach effort, which tookher across the state."She was on the ground. She was there to help county chairs all across thestate. She showed up more than anyone has ever done," said Charlotte Roybal, amember of the party's central committee from Santa Fe County. "It wasn't justabout raising money."Sanchez, who announced his candidacy in a Facebook post Tuesday night, said thebiggest job for Haaland's successor will be engaging young, rural and Hispanicvoters such as himself."We did great as a state," Sanchez said of the general election results. "But2018 is going to be even more important."The governor's office, a U.S. Senate seat and party control in the state Housewill all be on the line, he said.Haaland said in her email to central committee members that she will "remainactive." Some party members said Tuesday they expect she will seek electedoffice in 2018.Contact Andrew Oxford at 505-986-3093 or aoxford@sfnewmexican.com Follow him onTwitter @andrewboxford.___ (c)2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe NewMexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by TribuneContent Agency, LLC.