WASHINGTON - Air conditioning company Carrier Corp. said Tuesday that it hadreached a deal with President-elect Donald Trump to keep nearly 1,000 jobs inIndiana. Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence planned to travel to thestate Thursday to unveil the agreement alongside company officials.Trump spent much of his campaign pledging to keep companies like Carrier frommoving jobs overseas. His focus on manufacturing jobs contributed to hisunexpected appeal with working-class voters in states like Michigan, which haslong voted for Democrats in presidential elections.The details of the agreement were unclear. Carrier tweeted that the company was"pleased to have reached a deal with Trump and Pence to stay in Indianapolis.A transition official confirmed that the president-elect and Pence, who isending his tenure as Indiana governor, would appear with Carrier officialsThursday. The official insisted on anonymity because the official was notauthorized to discuss the trip ahead of an official announcement.Trump said last week that he was "making progress on keeping Carrier in Indiana.In February, Carrier said it would shutter its Indianapolis plant employing1,400 workers and move its manufacturing to Mexico. The plant's workers wouldhave been laid off over three years starting in 2017.United Technologies Electronic Controls also announced then that it planned tomove its Huntington manufacturing operations to a new plant in Mexico, costingthe northeastern Indiana city 700 jobs by 2018.Those workers make microprocessor-based controls for the HVAC and refrigerationindustries.Carrier and UTEC are both units of Hartford, Connecticut-based UnitedTechnologies Corp.In a September debate against Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, Trump railedagainst Carrier's plans."So many hundreds and hundreds of companies are doing this, Trump said. "We haveto stop our jobs from being stolen from us. We have to stop our companies fromleaving the United States.Carrier wasn't the only company Trump assailed during the campaign. He pledgedto give up Oreos after Nabisco's parent, Mondelez International, said it wouldreplace nine production lines in Chicago with four in Mexico. He criticized Fordafter the company said it planned to invest $2.5 billion in engine andtransmission plants in Mexico.Chuck Jones, president of United Steelworkers Local 1999, which representsCarrier workers, said of Tuesday's news: "I'm optimistic, but I don't know whatthe situation is. I guess it's a good sign. ... You would think they would keepus in the loop. But we know nothing.The event Thursday in Indiana will be a rare public appearance for Trump, whohas spent nearly his entire tenure as president-elect huddled with advisers andmeeting with possible Cabinet secretaries. He plans to make other stops laterthis week as part of what advisers have billed as a "thank you" tour for voterswho backed him in the presidential campaign.