Given the bitter and divisive nature of the recent presidential campaign it ishardly surprising that its aftermath is filled with acrimonious and bitterrecriminations. But one large group of critically important Americans hasremained relatively unnoticed and unscathed in what promises to be an ongoingbitter political and ideological war.That group is the 93 million eligible voters who did not vote.In rounded numbers, there are 220 million eligible voters in the United States.Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump each received 60 million. Third party,write-ins and other presidential candidates received 7 million. So simple mathtells us that 93 million, more than 40 percent, did not cast a ballot.To put this number in perspective, turnout for this year's presidential electionyear was in the average range for the last 50 years. We bounce around between 50percent and 60 percent. But our consistency is not a sign of excellence. Thesimple fact is that Americans are not politically engaged when compared to othercountries. Of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development's 35developed countries, 27 have higher voter percentages than the United States,led by Belgium's almost 90 percent.Why is turnout so poor?While it is too early to have research on this year's non-voters, we do haveindicators as to reasons. After the 2014 midterm elections, this same group wasasked for the top reason they abstained from the process: 28 percent were toobusy, 16 percent were not interested, 11 percent were ill or disabled, 10percent were out of town, 8 percent each forgot or disliked the candidates, 2percent each had registration problems or transportation issues or poor weather,and the remainder had other reasons or refused to answer the question.The problem here is that democracy is based on active participation by itscitizens. When almost half the population does not vote, we have clear evidenceof a major problem. And unfortunately, since this problem has been with us fordecades, the nation bears a heavy burden of shame for not paying attention tothe continued scourges of poverty, unemployment, unequal income distribution andthe belief that rules are unevenly applied.With the specter of a nation splitting apart, our future depends on involvingthose 93 million.Until election day, the political pundits were saying that the Republicans weregoing to be forced to rethink their party's future. It now appears it is the theDemocrats who face this problem. And while we can be sure that politicalstrategists are already examining how to better their party's position, neitherhas an interest in increasing voter turnout unless it benefits their interestsThe burden on spreading our democracy to everyone does not lie with our manylevels of government. They are too vested in their own interests. It lies witheach of us, working through our places of employment, worship, communityorganizations and social networks. It will rely not on trying to convince peoplethat our ideas are better or worth supporting. It will rely on spreading theword that every voice counts and has merit.The effort is in each of our hands to win or lose.While it is impossible to tell the outcome of the race had the turnout beenhigher, this is not a partisan issue. Successful democracies depend on citizeninvolvement and interest. A 58 percent turnout rate is disappointing and it isimportant for all of us that we work to dramatically increase the number by2020.Gene Budig is past president/chancellor of three state universities andbaseball's American League. Alan Heaps is a former vice president of the CollegeBoard in New York City.