To the delight of the wisdom impaired we soon will have the first presidentwhose idea of "draining the swamp" in Washington is that top positions areoccupied by such "outsiders" as Rudy Giuliani, Newt Gingrich and RNC ChairReince Priebus!Nevertheless, the mindless faithful rejoice, even knowing that their candidatewas endorsed by the KGB, the KKK, the FBI, the FOP and Chachi, as well as byknowledge that their boy will be the first president who feels that usingnuclear bombs might be a good thing, the first who wants to kill women andchildren simply because their husbands and fathers were terrorists, the firstwho scammed people into thinking they were paying tuition at an actualuniversity, the first to brag about having been a crotch grabber and the firstto boast of barging in on teen girls while they were undressed. Classy.I suppose it is God's will that we will have President Trump and we must endureit. This is the man whose visual hallucinations convinced him that he witnessedthousands of New Jersey Muslims cheering the fall of the Towers on 9-11. A manwho, like Hillary, was for the Iraq War before he was against it, a man whosuccessfully urged Russia to meddle in the election of our president, who raidedhis own charitable foundation to purchase a $10,000 portrait of himself and whoannounced to the gullible the shiny false hope of the return of myriad coalmining jobs.But, have no fear. To assuage any potential anxieties, we may embrace the cooingof House speaker Paul Ryan who reminded us, "Donald Trump has one of the mostimpressive histories we've ever seen." True, just not in a good way.Unfortunately, this is the second time in the last five presidential elections,and the fifth since the nation was founded, that the loser became president. In2000, it was Al Gore who earned a half million more votes than George W. Bush.As I write this four days after the polls closed and with votes still beingcounted, Hillary had totaled 600,000 more votes (and rising) than Trump.Which undermines one of the most sacred precepts of Americanism, one person-onevote. Take it from the president-elect himself who, in the early hours of theelection four years ago had erroneously assumed that Mitt Romney was going towin the popular vote but lose the electoral vote. Trump tweeted, "The electoralcollege is a disaster for a democracy... Let's fight like hell and stop thisgreat and disgusting injustice!...This election is a total sham and atravesty..." He knew, until he didn't.It is past time for the electoral college to be done away with. It causes a lossof faith in the process. It causes the rest of the world to conclude that we arecrazy. It causes presidential candidates to focus mainly on a just few swingstates to the exclusion of all the others which, at a minimum, depresses downballot voting in non-swing states.There is talk of a state-by-state effort to alter their assignment of electoralvotes to the winner of the national popular vote (rather than to the winner ofeach state's popular vote). The effect would be to elect our president bypopular vote, without the decades-long task of doing away with the electoralcollege by constitutional amendment. It's time. And yes, I'd say the same if thecircumstances of the recent election were the reverse.Joseph Wyatt is a Gazette-Mail contributing columnist and emeritus professor atMarshall University.