Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin spent three days in Cuba on a trade mission last week,talking about business opportunities for West Virginia companies on the islandand answering questions about President-elect Donald Trump.Tomblin was the first U.S. governor to visit Cuba since Trump's victory in thepresidential election.During the presidential campaign, Trump criticized President Barack Obama'sexecutive orders that seek to normalize U.S. relations with Cuba, calling thenew policy "weak. Trump has said he would negotiate a better deal that benefitsthe United States.At a press conference Saturday in Havana, Tomblin said he hopes U.S.-Cuban tieswill strengthen."There might be some movement regarding Cuba policy on behalf of the newadministration, but I also feel like there are many of us who would like tocontinue the path of normalization, Tomblin told the Cuban media. "Over the lasttwo years, the White House has opened up the barriers that existed between thetwo countries, and I feel that many governors and politicians in the U.S. are infavor of moving forward with that.Trump won West Virginia's five electoral votes by a landslide. Only Wyoming hada higher percentage of voters who cast ballots for Trump."We had surprises [during the election], but I believe that efforts in theprocess of normalization will continue to advance, Tomblin said at the pressconference in Havana. "Every morning when you wake up and turn on thetelevision, it's a new adventure.Tomblin's office gave no advance notice to local media about the governor'strade mission to Cuba. Tomblin, who's serving out a second and final term, willleave the governor's mansion in seven weeks. Governor-elect Jim Justice willtake office on Jan. 16.During the Cuba trip, Tomblin was accompanied by four executives from three WestVirginia-based companies: Pilgrim's Pride, a chicken processor in Moorefield;Multicoat Corp., a Winfield firm that makes waterproofing products; andIndustrial Bolting Technologies, a Charleston manufacturer that sells hydraulictorque wrenches.John Dill, vice president at Multicoat, said Monday that he's already followingup on potential new business for his company spurred by the trip to Cuba."We went into this mission without expectations, and I can tell you it exceededany hopes we could have had, Dill said. "We learned that Cuba has a strongeconomic market for many products, including our own.Others who traveled to Cuba with Tomblin including first lady Joanne JaegerTomblin; Commerce Secretary Keith Burdette; Commerce Department lawyer JoshJarrell; Tomblin's legislative affairs director, Joey Garcia; and CommerceDepartment International Director Steve Spence.The West Virginia delegation flew from Charleston to Miami on the state plane,then took a charter flight to Havana. The state picked up travel and lodgingexpenses for state officials, while the business executives covered their owntravel costs, according to Tomblin's spokeswoman.Tomblin and the delegation met with Cuban officials from the country's Ministryof Foreign Affairs, Ministry of Foreign Trade and Investment, Ministry ofConstruction, Ministry of Transportation and Ministry of Tourism.Tomblin was the sixth U.S. governor to visit Cuba after the U.S. eased sanctionsin December 2014."Since the U.S. restored diplomatic relations and has started to normalizerelations with Cuba, several governors have already visited or made plans tovisit, said Jessica Tice, a Tomblin spokeswoman. "Governor Tomblin believed itwas important to get involved in these types of conversations early in theprocess and capitalize on this new opportunity for business and trade in anattempt to grow West Virginia exports.According to Cuban media reports, West Virginia also seeks to position itself asa supplier of coal and natural gas to Cuba at a time when Venezuela, a countrydogged by an economic crisis, has reduced fuel exports sent to the island.Tomblin also said West Virginia universities want to exchange research on healthand education with Cuba's universities, according to reports.The Cuba trip marked Tomblin's sixth and final trade mission.DESMOND BOYLAND / AP photoPeople line up outside the United States embassy in Havana, Cuba, on Nov. 9. Ata press conference Saturday in Havana, West Virginia Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin saidhe hopes U.S.-Cuban ties will strengthen.Reach Eric Eyre at ericeyre@wvgazettemail.com, 304-348-4869 or follow @ericeyreon Twitter.