A 30-year-old cancer survivor in a small West Virginia town worries how shewould pay for treatment if a tumor returned. A Chicago doctor wonders whetherher hospital would cut back on care for ill or premature infants. In NorthernVirginia, the head of a small nonprofit clinic lies awake at night fearing asurge of uninsured patients she couldn't afford to take in.Less than two weeks after the unexpected election of Donald Trump, the incomingadministration and the Republicans who control Congress have defined fewspecifics for how they will carry out their promise to eliminate the AffordableCare Act. Yet the shift in Washington's political geometry already is stokinganxiety among many of the 11 million people who have gained private insuranceunder the law, as well as among those who help care for them.At the same time, some Trump voters with ACA health plans relish the idea ofshedding the law. "How could it be worse? asked Carl Galloni, who sells andinstalls garage doors in North Carolina. "My man won, so I'm not frightened [of]what he's going to do.Such clashing perspectives offer a ground-level view of the two Americas exposedby a singularly polarizing presidential campaign - a campaign driven by profounddisagreements over basic values, including the role of government.On few matters is the political divide as pure as it is on health care. Earlythis fall, nearly nine in 10 Democrats said in a survey for Harvard Universityand Politico that they thought the government has a major role in improving thehealth system, and 80 percent said the ACA is working well. Among Republicans,only about a quarter said the government has a major role, while an equal sharesaid the government has none. Nearly 90 percent said the ACA is working poorly.These beliefs "correlate perfectly with the [Hillary] Clinton versus Trump vote,said Robert Blendon, a Harvard professor who specializes in public opinion onhealth issues.In Fairmont, West Virginia, Mina Schultz voted for Clinton. As she works at acommunity health center there, helping patients sign up for ACA coverage and herstate's expanded version of Medicaid, she sees firsthand how political healthcare has become. Some of her clients are now asking if it all is going to goaway.For Schultz, the fate of the law also is intensely personal. In 2011, when shewas 25, she assumed she'd go uninsured for several months between graduateschool and joining the Peace Corps. But her parents had heard that the fledglingACA let them include her on their insurance policy through age 26, and they did.That May, three weeks after getting her master's degree in French, a recent painin her right knee was diagnosed as bone cancer. So she happened to be insuredwhen, instead of going overseas, she spent the next year in and out of thehospital for nine rounds of chemotherapy and a total knee replacement.She moved back home to Fairmont when she was 27, first taking a crummy job thatcame with insurance, and then, because she'd become intrigued by the health caresystem, finding the enrollment-counseling position at the Monongahela ValleyAssociation of health centers. Her job, created through a federal grant, doesnot provide health benefits. Shultz signed herself up for an ACA Blue Cross-BlueShield plan.These days, in addition to work, she is pursuing a second master's degree - inhealth policy. She still needs follow-up tests and medicine, including for thechronic kidney disease that is a remnant of her treatment. She also deals withanxiety and, since the election, a new fear: the future of her insurance andthat of the people she has helped to choose health plans.The president-elect, she knows, has been saying that the government shouldcontinue to forbid insurers to refuse people with pre-existing medical problems- problems like her bone cancer. She also knows that, if the ACA ends, insurersmay be able to revert to setting annual or lifetime limits on customers'coverage."There's not a day that goes by that I don't think, What if my cancer comesback?' " Schultz said. The prospect of capped insurance during a second bout ofsuch expensive treatment "is terrifying. ... I'm somewhat panicked.But in Jamestown, North Carolina, a suburb of 3,000 between Greensboro and HighPoint, Galloni, 61, is hopeful. He has never changed his party affiliation sinceregistering as a Democrat at 18, but he often crosses party lines and this monthwas enthusiastic in his vote for Trump.A small-business man, whose company consists of his wife and four employees, heis fed up with the ACA marketplace - the bureaucracy, the diminishing choice andthe spiking price. Until now, Galloni has gotten federal subsidies because hewasn't taking a salary from his company for several years. But he's decided todraw some income again, so the subsidies are going away. The monthly premiums tocover him and his wife will leap from about $400 this year to $2,000 in Januaryif he keeps his Blue Cross plan. He isn't sure yet whether he will.What gives him hope is the talk he's heard from Trump about letting insurerssell health plans across state lines. "Why can't I go three miles into Virginiaand get my health insurance there if it's cheaper? he said. "Competition justmakes the world go around.Among health care professionals, the possibility that the ACA could soon bedismantled is setting off jitters, especially in places where many patients arepoor.At the University of Chicago's children's hospital, three-fourths of the babiesin the neonatal intensive care unit have mothers on Medicaid. Illinois is one of31 states that expanded Medicaid under the law. Bree Andrews, a pediatrician andneonatologist there who runs a center for healthy families, worries that a lossof extra Medicaid money the ACA has funneled into the hospital might mean fewersocial workers or lactation specialists."I think it's going to throw us into free fall, Andrews said. "Neonatal care isexpensive, and there is a lot of it. If hospitals don't know how they will getpaid ... I wonder what will have to go.Hundreds of miles away in a Virginia suburb of Washington, Nancy White fearswhat will happen at the Arlington Free Clinic, where she became director a yearago. The clinic relies on donations and volunteers and can accept only about2,000 patients at a time. It knows of about 200 patients who have gottensubsidized ACA plans and shifted to private doctors. Many more never arrived atthe clinic's doors because of coverage they found through the law.If the new president and the Congress end the subsidies or the marketplaces, theclinic would not have the capacity to take back newly uninsured patients, Whitesaid. "It's what's been what's been keeping me up at night.