The New York billionaire, who charged the election was "rigged" on a daily basisbefore his victory, called the developing recount effort "a scam" in a statementreleased by his transition team.Trump had been ignoring Green Party nominee Jill Stein's fight to revisit votetotals in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania. Wisconsin officials announcedlate Friday they are moving forward with the first presidential recount in statehistory."The people have spoken and the election is over, Trump declared Saturday. Headded, "We must accept this result and then look to the future.At the same time, Trump was scrambling to address unfilled administration jobs,having barely scratched the surface of creating the massive team needed to runthe government before his Jan. 20 inauguration.Experts say presidential transitions are periods of great vulnerability for thenation, and among the vacancies on the Trump team are leaders of the departmentsof State, Defense and Homeland Security.Meanwhile, the incoming president paid little if any attention to Stein'srecount push, but Democratic rival Hillary Clinton forced his hand on Saturdayby formally joining the effort. Stein, who drew 1 percent of the votenationally, is raising millions of dollars to fund the recounts."Because we had not uncovered any actionable evidence of hacking or outsideattempts to alter the voting technology, we had not planned to exercise thisoption ourselves, Clinton campaign attorney Marc Elias wrote Saturday in blogpost. "But now that a recount has been initiated in Wisconsin, we intend toparticipate in order to ensure the process proceeds in a manner that is fair toall sides.Elias said Clinton would take the same approach in Pennsylvania and Michigan ifStein were to follow through with recount requests those states, even thoughthat was highly unlikely to change the election outcome."Regardless of the potential to change the outcome in any of the states, we feelit is important, on principle, to ensure our campaign is legally represented inany court proceedings and represented on the ground in order to monitor therecount process itself, Elias wrote.Clinton leads the national popular vote by close to 2 million votes, but Trumpwon 290 electoral votes to Clinton's 232, with Michigan still too close to call.It takes 270 to win the presidency.Trump, who repeatedly challenged the integrity of the U.S. election systembefore his win, called the recount push "a scam by the Green Party for anelection that has already been conceded."The results of this election should be respected instead of being challengedand abused, which is exactly what Jill Stein is doing, he said in the statement,which didn't mention Clinton's involvement.Trump was spending the Thanksgiving holiday weekend with family at his PalmBeach estate, Mar-a-Lago. He planned to return to his New York home today aheadof a series of Monday meetings with prospective administration hires, includingSheriff David Clarke of Milwaukee County, Wisconsin. He's seen as a possibleHomeland Security pick. Clarke's vocal opposition to the "Black Lives Mattermovement has made him popular with many conservatives.Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence also have Monday meetings scheduledwith Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, Rep. Lou Barletta, R-Pa., formerSecurity and Exchange Commission commissioner Paul Atkins, World Wide Technologychairman David Steward and General Growth Properties CEO Sandeep Mathrani.Internal divisions over his choice for secretary of state have delayed thatcritical decision. The options include former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, wholacks foreign policy experience, but was intensely loyal to Trump, and 2012Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney, who aggressively opposed Trump'scandidacy but is largely regarded as more qualified. Tennessee Sen. Bob Corkeris also a possibility.