As I was well aware before starting my freshman year at Temple University, thereare many tangible benefits to attending college in a large city.Countless possibilities for enhanced studies, internships and exciting weekendevents are just outside my door. Whenever I look down Broad Street at theskyscrapers of Philadelphia, I feel a sense of hope and excitement at theopportunities that exist here.Another benefit of living in a large city is the huge political presence here. Idid not expect that.During the recent elections, Pennsylvania was a major point of contention inboth the presidential and senatorial races. And because of Philadelphia'simportance to the outcome of state elections, many politicians flocked here tohold rallies.I attended three of these rallies. Though the rallies' candidates did not win,the hope instilled in me and the memories will stay with me for years to come.Supporting McGinty, ClintonThe first rally was held at the University of Pennsylvania, where firebrandMassachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren endorsed Katie McGinty, the Democraticcandidate for senator from Pennsylvania.I was surprised to see how many adults attended, since it was held on a collegecampus. My friend and I were the only young people in our row of the theaterwhere the rally was held. Though political activism is usually a trendassociated with liberal college students, it was interesting to see older peopleinterested. They had some of the loudest cheers of the event.About two weeks after hearing Warren and McGinty speak, I found out PresidentBarack Obama was coming to endorse Democrat Hillary Clinton for president.I had been waiting for the chance to see Obama for years. His campaign for thepresidency in 2008 was the catalyst for my interest in politics - though Ididn't understand the policies he was advocating (being only 10 years old at thetime), he was captivating and became one of my biggest role models.I knew he would be an incredible speaker, and he absolutely was. As expected, Iwas overcome with emotion listening to Obama speak. He was just as phenomenal asI expected, and there was a surprise speech from Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf. Ileft the rally feeling energized and invigorated for the final stretch of thepresidential race.It also was amazing to see so many diverse groups of people at this rally:students, women, teachers and unions.Lasting impressionFor security reasons, rally times and locations often were not announced untilabout a day before the events. Because of this, plans had to be made ratherquickly, and sometimes they didn't always work out.But when I found out Hillary Clinton's final rally, on the eve of Election Day,would be held at Independence Hall, I knew I couldn't miss it. She would besupported by the president (whom I was eager to hear again), Michelle Obama,Bill and Chelsea Clinton, and even the musicians Bruce Springsteen and Bon Jovi.History would be made, and I had to be there.Unfortunately, none of my friends could make the rally, so I headed to Old Cityalone. The energy I found there was truly amazing, and it just got better as thenight went on. To see so many people together in one place - all for one commonpurpose - was one of the most inspiring experiences of my life.When Clinton finally took the stage, I saw my political interests culminate inone moment, and I knew I was ready to vote the next day and let my voice beheard.My candidates of choice did not see success this Election Day. That's democracy,and I can't change it.Another important facet of democracy is the ability to assemble and unite forchange, and that was the chance I had at the rallies I attended this fall. Iwill remember them forever and take those memories to further spread change whenthe 2020 election arrives.