Any journalist who worked the night of Nov. 7, 2000, and into the morning ofNov. 8 knew this was coming.That date, of course, was the presidential election that seemed as though itwould never end.It didn't end that night or the next day. It wasn't until Dec. 12, 2000, thatthe election was put to bed by the U.S. Supreme Court.For journalists, the lesson was learned the hard way: Don't count your chickensbefore they've hatched, as my mother would say.In other words, don't be too quick to design a newspaper front page declaringanyone a winner. And be ready to scrap it all and come up with a quick Plan B orC.In 2000 I worked at an afternoon newspaper, which meant our deadline was 10 a.m.the day after the election. The page we planned and expected to publishdeclaring either Al Gore or George Bush as our new president instead readsomething like CHAOS IN FLORIDA: WHO'S PRESIDENT?The 2000 presidential election is always in the back of my mind on Election Day.It only happened that one time. But that's enough, in every year since, for theinevitable foreboding to creep into my gut at some point before the polls closeand the presses start.You see, in newsrooms, elections are special events, planned to minute detail inthe weeks and days before. There are extra pages to fill, round-the-clockstaffers to coordinate, logistics of photos and interviews to work out, pizza toorder (hey, we're human).So, presidential elections are like Christmas Day. The biggest special event.Only a handful of staffers work during the day; most of us are on the nightshift when the results come in, ready to pitch in during that crucial timebetween when polls close (8 p.m.) and the presses start to run (12:20 a.m.).Reporters have about a three-hour window to learn the results, interview thewinner and loser and write a story. The story goes to the copy editors forediting and a headline. Then to the page designer for placement on a page. We dothis for up to eight to 10 stories and many pages on election night.The wild card in the plans is always the Page 1 headline and design. We can'twait until the polls close to start mocking up a Page 1 layout. That page is tooimportant in a presidential election year; it's often a keepsake.So on Election Day this year, we started the process of designing the two Page 1possibilities: Trump wins, or Clinton wins.Actually, our headlines were YOU'RE HIRED or MADAM PRESIDENT.By 6 p.m., we had two distinctly different but striking front pages, both goodto go except for the results.Then the election happened.We, like most news organizations this year, expected the polls to be true. (Iwon't go into what happened with polling in this column.) Clinton was probablygoing to win, and we'd probably know early. Some thought she'd be on her way toa landslide by 9 p.m.By 9:15 p.m., there was no landslide in sight. In fact, Trump was gainingstates. Then more.The New York Times projection meter of who would likely win suddenly went froman 80 percent Clinton win to a 55 percent Trump win.States that by this time of night would normally have been called were too closeto call.This wasn't going to be a quick one.So the lesson of 2000 kicked in. Get a fallback position. And fast.We came up with the headline NAILBITER and picked equal photos of eachcandidate, never really thinking we'd use this front page.But we were safe. We had it just in case.As 10 p.m. turned into 10:30, we still thought we'd get a winner by our 12:20deadline.But 10:30 turned into 11:30, Trump was ahead and the states that were too closeto call were still too close to call.At 11:45, we knew we were going with NAILBITER. We simply weren't going to knowwho the next president was by our deadline.But we suspected that news would be known before our papers were actuallydelivered on doorsteps, which is why our small headline under NAILBITER read,"RACE FOR PRESIDENCY TOO LOSE TO CALL AT PRESS TIME."What a helpless feeling.For professional news people, it's the worst feeling: the inability to tell thenews.Sure enough, three hours after our presses had finished, so had the votetabulating. I awoke around 3:30 a.m. to a news alert on my phone: "Donald Trumpelected president of the U.S."And our headline saying that would have to wait for another day.At least we didn't have to wait a month. Lori Goodlin is print editor of LNP. Email her at lgoodlin@lnpnews.com