HIGHLIGHT: ... While talking political turkey at the Thanksgiving table"Pass the gravy. I'll have some more stuffing. Oh, and Uncle Bob, why do youhate America?"Such table talk might be a staple of your Thanksgiving dinner. But thoughpolitics discussed over cranberry sauce is nothing new, this year's dinnertimedebate could be especially intense in the wake of November's divisivepresidential election."When it comes to politics, people get emotional because it relates to theirbelief system," said Bart Rossi, a political psychologist who frequently appearson TV news shows."They're not just challenging Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton. It's yourpersonal belief system, which is serious stuff," Rossi said.One poll shows most Americans plan to avoid political talk. Of those celebratingThanksgiving, 53 percent said they were not very likely or not likely at all todiscuss politics at dinner, compared with 37 percent who said they were somewhat or very likely, according to a Huffington Post/YouGov survey releasedTuesday.John Berry, a cabinet member of the Redlands Tea Party Patriots who loves totalk politics, plans to spend Thanksgiving in Laguna Beach with his in-laws."Inside, I'm doing a Snoopy-like happy dance," said Berry, who describes himselfas "surrounded by liberals."At Thanksgiving, Berry said he will bite the inside of his cheeks to keep fromgloating."It's kind of funny. When the liberals won in 2008, they weren't shy aboutexpressing their opinion," Berry added. "But if they bring it up, I'm going togive it to them both barrels."The chances of your turkey coming with a side of discord could rise if yourrelatives are geographically scattered. This election underscored deep divisionsbetween different parts of the country. California went strongly for Clinton,but Trump did better in the South and Rust Belt.Before you lose your voice screaming at your niece about her Bernie Sanderstattoo, here are some strategies for keeping the food and politics separate - orat least arguing in a way that won't cause anyone to storm off.EXPECT THE BESTFor many, just the thought of hearing a cousin talk about immigration is enoughto cause heartburn hours before the first spoonful of jalapeño-infused cheesedip.Kate Sweeny, a UC Riverside associate psychology professor who studies howpeople cope with uncertain waiting periods, suggests distracting yourself in away that completely consumes you. Maybe it's video games. Or it could begardening or getting a head start on that work project.Yo u could plan responses in advance, Sweeny said. For example, if your fathershows up in his "Make America Great Again" cap, say "Nice hat!" and change thesubject.Sweeny also suggests not assuming the worst will happen. "I do think in thissort of circumstance, expecting the best can only help you," Sweeny said. "Ifyou go in expecting the worst behavior, you might create a self-fulfillingprophecy."Thanksgiving hosts need to be prepared for how to handle political talk, saidTim Muehlhoff, a professor of communications at Biola University. "In additionto assessing what stuffing to make, a host couple need to assess the overallcommunication climate that will envelop the day's activities," he said.Reciting Abraham Lincoln's Thanksgiving Day proclamation from 1863 is aThanksgiving tradition for Huntington Beach resident Ken Gordon's family."It 's a good time to bring up and point out to our children how much morefaith-based our nation was," said Gordon, 52, a decline-to-state/unaffiliatedvoter who said he left the Republican Party.This Thanksgiving, Gordon also anticipates talking about the party of Lincoln."I think, at the time of this proclamation, (the GOP was) the party of thedisenfranchised," he said. "I would not say that any longer."LOCKER ROOM RULEAn easy way to avoid a yam-fueled shouting match over Trump's tax policy is tomake clear ahead of time that there's no space at the table for a family editionof CNN's "Crossfire."Bill Southworth, a professor of speech and debate history at the University ofRedlands, recommends a "locker room" edict."There are two subjects never to be discussed in the locker room - politics andreligion," he said. "All family gatherings (especially those with split voters)should agree not to mention Clinton or Trump or anything about the election. ...If violated, the offending party should leave or the guest should feel free todepart."Rossi, the political psychologist, suggests taking the blame for a moratorium."(Say,) 'I've been especially involved (with this election). At this point intime, I could use a day to relax and eat some turkey,' " he said.Y ou also can limit your political discussions to those with like-mindedviewpoints. "This way, you will find yourself talking to family and friends whosupport your feelings and perspective," said David Kaplan, a family counselorand chief professional officer of the American Counseling Association."Given the divisiveness of the recent election, trying to vent to someone whovoted for the candidate you opposed or to change their perspective is just goingto make you feel worse."HOW TO ARGUEAvoidance and positivity have failed. Now your sister-in-law demands to know whyyou voted for "Crooked Hillary."First, swallow the green beans. Then, rather than call her stupid, say " 'I'm onthe other side and here's why,' " Rossi said. "Highlight as succinctly aspossible why you feel this way."You're not arguing to win the argument or change somebody else's personality.You're just trying to get your point in and move on."Listening also is important, Rossi said. "Be able to say back to the person whatthey said. You can say, 'I heard you and you said this. This is why I'm on theother side of it.' "You also could point out why you disagree even though you stand to benefit fromthe election's outcome, Rossi said."Let's suppose you don't really like Donald Trump ... but let's say you get areally big tax advantage" with his election, he said. "You could say, 'Iactually stand to gain in some ways. However, I'm really on the other side ofeverything he stands for.' Or vice versa with Hillary Clinton."Other tips suggested by Samuel Gladding, a professor of counseling at WakeForest University in North Carolina, include:Designating a "no politics" zone in the house.Appointing a referee to call time out or "throw a flag on the play if someonetries to steer conversation toward conflict."Focusing on the food, humor and what you're thankful for.Steven Smith, 29, of Riverside, who said he was "very disappointed" with theelection results, plans to host a family Thanksgiving."I think once Thanksgiving comes, people will come to a realization that Trumpwill be our president and they will try to normalize/rationalize the situationin order to cope," he said. "If anything, I want to take this day to be positiveand remember why we are eating (and) remember the reasons to be thankful andhopeful for the future."jhorseman@scng.com