HIGHLIGHT: The GOP candidate will pay for a hand tally in his 2,009-vote loss toNolan.Republican Stewart Mills said Monday he would request - and pay for - a handrecount of votes in the congressional race he narrowly lost to DFL U.S. Rep.Rick Nolan."We just want to make sure that every vote gets counted, and counted correctly,"Mills said in an interview. "We're prepared to accept whatever is the genuinewill of the voters, but we would be negligent not to seek this recount."Nolan, the incumbent, beat Mills by 2,009 votes of a total of 356,971 cast innortheastern Minnesota's Eighth Congressional District. That margin, a littlemore than one-half a percent, is too large to trigger an automatic, state-fundedrecount.But state law allows Mills to request a hand recount as long as he pays for ithimself. He said the margin is small enough to merit a recount, especially sinceNolan outperformed Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton in thedistrict.Republican President-elect Donald Trump won the Eighth District, and Nolan gotnearly 40,000 more votes than Clinton."We're not alleging voter fraud, we're not saying anyone got the numbers wrong,but there's enough questions that need to be answered that can only be answeredby a hand recount," Mills said.Nolan's campaign manager, Joe Radinovich, disagrees. Nolan's "relative marginwas over twice that of Governor Dayton's 2010 victory, and it was over twice thethreshold established in law," he said in a statement Monday night."It is evident voters recognized Congressman Nolan as an effective champion oftheir issues. While he has the right to do so, Mr. Mills' choice to pay for arecount is unprecedented, and it calls into question the integrity ofMinnesota's election system, which is administered through the volunteer effortsof election judges from both parties. We appreciate those efforts, and we expectthere will be no change in the outcome," Radinovich wrote.Minnesota had statewide recounts in two consecutive election years: the U.S.Senate contest in 2008 between DFLer Al Franken and Republican Norm Coleman, andthe 2010 gubernatorial race between DFLer Mark Dayton and Republican Tom Emmer.In both cases, the winning margin was small enough to trigger an automaticrecount.Still, while recounts are common in state legislative races, they are much morerare in statewide or congressional district elections. The last congressionaldistrict recount in the state was in southwestern Minnesota in 2000, whenRepublican Mark Kennedy beat DFLer David Minge by 155 votes out of almost300,000 cast. That, too, was a close enough margin to trigger an automaticrecount.The sprawling Eighth District includes Duluth and the Arrowhead Region, the IronRange and the Brainerd Lakes area, and it stretches south all the way to somenorthern Twin Cities exurbs. The traditionally DFL-leaning district has grownmore favorable to Republicans in recent years, and in this cycle nationalDemocrats and Republicans alike poured more than $17 million into advertising -making it the country's most expensive House race.Nolan was running for his third consecutive term after an earlier stint inCongress in the 1970s. Mills, a member of the Minnesota family that built theMills Fleet Farm retail empire, also narrowly lost to Nolan two years ago. Thattime, Nolan's winning margin was a little bigger, about 4,000 votes.Mills said he expects the recount to cost him "just under six figures." He alsosank about $2 million of his own money into the race. He will officially file arecount request Tuesday, after the State Canvassing Board certifies the Nov. 8election results. He said he didn't know how long a recount would take.Mills said he doesn't mean to be disruptive and he means no disrespect to Nolan."If congressman Nolan did outperform Hillary Clinton to the degree the initialnumbers show, then literally, hats off to the man and I owe him a beer," Millssaid.Staff writer Allison Sherry contributed to this report.Patrick Condon · 651-925-5049