HIGHLIGHT: Minnesota native celebrates GOP job well doneWASHINGTON - Kevin McLaughlin is one of those D.C. political operatives whoquietly moves mountains behind a desk on Capitol Hill for 14 hours a day for twosolid years and then finds himself unemployed after Election Day.The Edina native is deputy executive director of the National RepublicanSenatorial Committee (NRSC), the campaign arm for the Senate Republicans. He hadessentially one charge from 2014 to 2016: Keep the upper chamber in Republicanhands.From his gray-and-white office bedecked with Minnesota garb, McLaughlin workedrelentlessly. He conducted polls. He watched countless political campaign ads.He raised money (the NRSC raised about $120 million in the past two years. TheDemocrats raised about $30 million more.) He helped campaigns with messages thatappealed to voters. He focused on research. Sometimes he even told candidateswhat not to say.And his toiling paid off: Depending on final results of an exceedingly tightLouisiana Senate race, the Republicans are presiding over 51 or 52 seats and theDemocrats have 46 or 47 until 2018."It's a mandate to govern. I think we'll do good things. I think we'll do bigthings," said McLaughlin, 42, and a graduate of the University of St. Thomas."I think you'll see the repeal of Obamacare. ... I just think that [SenateMajority Leader Mitch] McConnell wants to govern," he said. "[Senate MinorityLeader Chuck] Schumer wants to govern. Trump wants to govern. The House wants togovern. It's a good place to start."Asked how it feels to have presided over one of the biggest Republican sweepyears in modern history, McLaughlin chuckled and noted that he didn't start outwith an easy map to victory."There's nothing more motivating than people telling you you can't dosomething," he said. "In the beginning of this cycle, it wasn't if we were goingto lose, it was how many seats are we going to lose, it was how quickly ourmajority is going to be gone."On Trump's win, he said he is not surprised after staring at polling numbersacross the country for the past two months: Democratic presidential candidateHillary Clinton's favorability and likability numbers were low."Everyone here [in D.C.] thought it was a foregone conclusion [that she wouldwin]," he said. "But the data didn't match up with everyone's conclusions."He still thinks the Republican Party needs to study how they secured such bigvictories in the election and figure out how to build on that for the next twoand four years."It's better to be us than them right now," he said of Democrats. "But you knowwe have to kind of sort out what exactly happened as well and what it all means.I think it's going to be really important."McLaughlin says his Minnesota roots taught him "perseverance and hard work andtrying to be positive.""When you're faced with that kind of a map, you draw back to the kinds of thingsthat comfort you and, to me, I drew back to home," he said.On his pending unemployment, McLaughlin said he is looking forward to some downtime with his family to figure out what to do next, noting Washington will be anexciting time for his party next year."First of all, I'd like to have about four margaritas and not think aboutanything for a while," he said.Allison Sherry · 202.662.7433 alison.sherry@startribune.com · Twitter:@allisonsherry