Whether it's petulance or a cunning attempt to spur voter suppression, DonaldTrump's irresponsible, unfounded claim that he would have won the popular votebut for the millions of "illegal" votes cast is a new low in a presidency thathas not even formally begun.Trump has yet to name most of his Cabinet members. He has but eight weeks toassemble a new administration, prepare for his first congressional session andget ready to deliver the State of the Union address. Yet here he is, stillobsessing about the outcome of an election that he won. For those who harboredsome faint hope that with victory might come a measure of stability, here ismore evidence that Trump just can't help himself.It's worth detailing the back story here: On Sunday, stung by Hillary Clinton'sgrowing victory margin in the popular vote - now at 2.2 million - and therecount effort promoted by the Green Party, Trump embarked on a Twitter rantthat resembled the ravings of a maudlin loser unable to face reality. Unable todeal with the fact that even though he won, he was not the people's choice,Trump instead is bitter about the "so-called popular vote." Apparently there canbe no legitimate popular vote that does not have him as the winner.With no evidence, he has claimed "serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshireand California" and blamed news media bias for not reporting on a phenomenonthat exists only in the fevered minds of conspiracy sites like Infowars. Thatsite started the fraud allegation with a story based on a supposed analysis of180 million voter registrations by an organization called VoteFraud. Except thatPolitiFact, an award-winning fact-checking site, found that VoteFraud apparentlydid no such report. PolitiFact debunked the story more than a week beforeTrump's hissy fit.The myth of massive voter fraud, assiduously cultivated by Republicans, issimply without basis in fact. When PolitiFact contacted Richard Hasen, anelection law expert at the University of California, Irvine, he said, "The ideathat 3 million noncitizens could have illegally voted in our elections withoutbeing detected is obscenely ludicrous."The recount efforts led by failed Green Party presidential candidate Jill Steinin Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan, which apparently triggered Trump, poselittle threat to his victory, if history is any guide. In Wisconsin, whichbegins its recount Thursday, Trump leads by more than 22,000 votes. That isalready a larger margin than has ever been reversed through a recount.Minnesota's 2008 Senate recount, one of the most exhaustive in modern history,changed the final tally by only a few hundred ballots. In the infamous Floridarecount of the 2000 election, George W. Bush had a final recount margin of 537.And while Trump has been whining about the election he won, his electoral marginactually grew on Monday, with Michigan certifying its results and awarding himanother 16 electoral votes.The U.S. voting process has withstood scrutiny time and again and is undeservingof Trump's childish tantrum. It is in fact so illogical that we fear a morenefarious purpose at work: attempts to further erode Americans' trust in yetanother institution, paving the way for more voter suppression, which has proveda far bigger problem than voter fraud.It should be clear by now that Trump's outbursts will require an adjustment bythe news media, which need to bring a double-helping of skepticism to coverageof a fact-averse president-elect. Too many initially posted headlines thatsimply repeated - without qualification - Trump's baseless illegal votingassertion did his work for him. Those headlines rocket around the internet,further solidifying the notion in the minds of those who won't go deeper, thatTrump is some kind of plain-spoken truth teller, instead of a Twitter troll whoneeds to get off social media and get back to work.