Happy Thanksgiving, and one reason that New Jersey taxpayers might be givingthanks is that Gov. Chris Christie is no longer involved in a presidential race.An investigation by The Record has determined the governor's out-of-stateefforts on behalf of president-elect Donald Trump this summer cost taxpayersmore than $80,000. Other good news includes the possibility of more than $67million in state funds going toward open space and recreational projects. Add tothat new gun control legislation, the chance of a New Jersey native landing aspot as Commerce Secretary and a host of municipal news, and there is a lot tokeep politics fans occupied as they wait on their turkey dinners today.Quote of the Day: "All six of us, we're ready to go," - Gov. Chris Christie, onhis family's plans to spend Thanksgiving in Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones'accommodations at the Cowboys vs. Washington Redskins game.Governor Christie's security detail cost taxpayers more than $80,000 this summeras the governor worked and campaigned for Donald Trump, according to documentsobtained by The Record. Dustin Racioppi, The Record Read moreChris Christie gets bipartisan gun bill he might like Republican Gov. ChrisChristie in the last year has twice vetoed bills from Democrats requiringdomestic violence offenders to surrender firearms. Bob Jordan, Asbury Park PressRead moreFunding For Open Space ProjectsFor the first time in two years, the state is looking to award up to $67.4million in funding to municipalities, counties, and nonprofit groups to acquireopen space and develop recreational projects. Tom Johnson, NJSpotlight Read moreKellyanne Conway: 'I'm humbled by the opportunities I have' Kellyanne Conway isthe woman who broke the political glass ceiling. Conway's the first woman tomanage a successful presidential campaign. NJ101.5 Read moreACA's future is in doubt, but Rutgers remains confident in new health caretraining program Though the future of the Affordable Care Act is currentlyunknown following the presidential election, Rutgers University is staying thecourse in the rollout of a Certified Health Care Manager program - which theuniversity is touting as the first of its kind in the country. Anjalee Khemlani,NJBiz Read moreNJ Native Wilbur Ross Expected to Be Named Commerce Secretary by Donald TrumpPresident-elect Donald Trump is expected to select Wilbur Ross Jr. to head theCommerce Department, said two people familiar with the deliberations, a decisionthat would put a billionaire investor known for buying up failed companies incharge of the agency tasked with cultivating economic growth. Wall StreetJournal Read morePaterson cops accrue over 47,000 hours of comp time With crime on the rise andthe police overtime budget cut in half, the Paterson Police Department hasrelied increasingly on comp time as payment for detectives who work long hourson homicides and shootings, city and law enforcement officials said. JoeMalinconico, Paterson Press Read morePaterson moves ahead on $10.7M in debt for sewers, lawsuits After rejecting apackage of bond proposals that would have increased Paterson's debt by about$13.5 million, the City Council changed course on Tuesday night and gavepreliminary approval to the two most costly measures. Joe Malinconico, PatersonPress Read moreJared Kushner's company settles with Pier Village tenant Jared Kushner hasemerged as a giant force in making his father-in-law, Donald J. Trump, presidentof the United States, a feat so impressive that he may have a new role: MiddleEast peacekeeper, according to The New York Times editors and reporters whotweeted portions of an interview with Trump at on Tuesday. Michael L. Diamondand Dan Radel, Asbury Park Press Read more3 priorities for Democrats on new Red Bank council Red Bank's Republicanmajority on the borough council - the first in decades - ended up lasting just ayear. On Election Day, voters in town resoundingly chose two Democrats for thedais. Asbury Park Press Read moreSuspended Wyckoff police chief to retire Former Wyckoff police chief BenjaminFox, who was suspended in August, has resigned from the department and willretire effective Dec. 1, according to an agreement released by townshipofficials Wednesday. Marsha A. Stoltz, The Record Read moreCourt sides with Princeton U. in age discrimination suit A former constructionmanager who sued Princeton University over age discrimination claims lost anappeal Wednesday. Anna Merriman, NJ.com Read morePerth Amboy agrees to pay $150K in sexual harassment lawsuit The city will pay a$150,000 settlement to a secretary who had filed a lawsuit accusing the city'sformer police chief of sexual harassment. Spencer Kent, NJ.com Read more