The City Council's dominant Progressive Caucus-led by Speaker MelissaMark-Viverito-announced their endorsement today of Minnesota Congressman KeithEllison for chairman of the Democratic National Committee.As Democrats look to recover from a devastating Election Day, Ellison is vyingto lead the party against former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean and South Carolinachairman Jaime Harrison. Ellison, the first Muslim-American ever elected to theHouse of Representatives, has attracted the support of Sen. Charles Schumer andVermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, whom the congressman backed for the presidency indefiance of most party leaders.Now the Progressive Caucus, whose 19 members mostly though not unanimouslyfavored Hillary Clintonin the Democratic primary, has added its backing to theMidwestern lawmaker's bid."The members of the Progressive Caucus Alliance are proud to add our voices tothose in support of Keith Ellison for Chair of the Democratic NationalCommittee," the group said in a press release today. "Congressman Ellison hasbeen a true progressive champion in Congress, and has demonstrated the grit andtenacity that we'll need for the tough fights ahead."Dean, who headed the DNC from 2005 to 2009, has asserted that the organizationneeds a chair who can attend to party business full-time. The Democrats havesuffered severe setbacks over the past eight years under chairs who held electedoffice, most recently the controversial Florida Congresswoman DebbieWasserman-Schultz.The former Green Mountain State governor and 2004 presidential candidate hashighlighted the success of his "50-state strategy" in yielding the firstDemocratic majority in Congress in 22 years in 2006.More important for the Council's Progressive Caucus, however, are Ellison's twoturns as keynote speaker at "Local Progress" gatherings of low-levelleft-leaning officials. This, the caucus asserted, showed an emphasis onbuilding a party bench at the most basic levels of government."As municipal legislators, we are especially enthusiastic about his emphasis onprogressive politics at the local level," their statement said. "CongressmanEllison recognizes that progressive politics matter at the most local of levels:to families seeking a job that pays the bills, to kids from low-income familieshoping to go to college, and to parents worried about whether their kids ofcolor will be treated fairly by the criminal justice system. He knows thedifference it makes to unite action at the local, state and federal levels, andwhy it is important to build strength among City Council members and other localelected officials."Ellison's bid also comes as many Democrats, including Schumer, have argued theparty needs to increase outreach to blue collar white voters in depressedindustrial areas. But the Progressive Caucus insisted the "incredibly divisivenational atmosphere" President-elect Donald Trump's incendiary anti-immigrantrhetoric has created demands party leadership that will stick up for minorities."We need a leader who will stand firm against hatred, bias, discrimination,anti-Semitism, Islamophobia," the Council members' release said. "The members ofthe Progressive Caucus Alliance know that Congressman Ellison will be that typeof leader, and we enthusiastically support his bid for Chair of the DNC.""We are enthusiastic that he will be [the] first Muslim-American DNC Chair," itadded.Disclosure: Donald Trump is the father-in-law of Jared Kushner, the publisher ofObserver Media.