Cherrry Hill - It was a week filled with childish name-calling, pettyrecriminations, and depraved levels of self-indulgence. In other words, sameold-same old. If you're anything like me, you're still somehow ready to let yourbelt out a notch (or two) and feast on some good political dish.So here you go.Lists, Lists, ListsPolitickerNJ's annual Power List dropped earlier this month to its usualfanfare. Actually it came a day later this year which left many of y'all raptand quivering with anticipation. But it was worth the wait. And judging from myteeming inbox, y'all had a lot of strong opinions about the results, as usual.We wouldn't have it any other way.Before I go on, a quick shoutout to my editor-in-chief Max Pizarro who puts hisheart and soul into the year-end finale and (especially) our Power List. Max gotthe Power List pretty much spot-on this year. Sure, I might have rearranged afew chairs and added a name (or three) but this year's list came out on point.Curious who I'd invite?U.S. District Court Judge Susan D. Wigenton for starters. She's the Bridgegatejudge. I'd add WNYC's Matt Katz into the mix. His multimedia Bridgegatereportage remains second to none. Finally, I'd include Jenny Davis who's thereal brains and muscle behind Phil Murphy's lavishly-funded run for Governor. Ona campaign quite replete with overpaid show horses, Jenny Davis distinguishesherself as a workhorse whose goal is success for her team as opposed to praiseand recognition. Frankly, too many women are professionally modest like that.Perhaps that helps explain why women remain underrepresented in NJ politics.Big MouthAfter his embarrassing White House bid and then an unceremonious dismissal fromthe Trump campaign, Chris Christie is back in NJ.And he's really, really cranky.Maybe Christie's smarting about his abysmal 19% approval rating. Perhaps he'spreoccupied with WTF he's supposed to tell us in his upcoming State of the Stateaddress. Whatever it is, our Governor is back home and his insult game isstronger than ever.Case in point: Senator Raymond Lesniak. Shortly after Lesniak called for aspecial prosecutor to examine what really went over at the Port Authority,Christie went on the attack. Lesniak was deemed "crazy," "lunatic," "liar," and"quack" by Christie simply for saying what's on everybody's mind.Senator Loretta Weinberg, herself an enduring target of Christie's over-ripeinvective, quickly ran interference."Ray Lesniak was my co-prime sponsor on marriage equality," Weinberg shot backon Facebook. "He is the author of landmark legislation against animal cruelty.He was celebrated worldwide for his legislation which ended capital punishmentin New Jersey.. I guess by Christie's standards that makes him "crazy". Welcometo the club Ray. We are all proud of our membership here."Senator Lesniak didn't call for a special prosecutor to investigate Gov.Christie for kicks. Rather, it's because this administration used the busiestbridge on earth as a weapon to punish its political rivals. Chris Christie wantsBridgegate to go away. But dozens of lingering questions remain about his realrole in a ghastly conspiracy clearly designed to enhance Christie's own futureprospects.AmiRight?Currie FavorThere's much to like about NJ-DSC chairman John Currie. But not the sharp turnhe's apparently taken directly up Phil Murphy's posterior. I suspect manyrank-and-file democrats would agree, especially Bernie Sanders types stillfuming from our national democratic party's big, fat, greedy, greasy, thumbtipping the scale for Hillary Clinton in the recent democratic presidentialprimary.The NJ-DSC is for all democrats in the state, even those who aren't in aposition to make John Currie's goddaughter, Passaic assemblywoman ShavodnaSumter NJ's next Lt. Governor.(Ahem)When Assemblyman John Wisniewski announced his own long-shot run for governor,Chairman Currie sent out a supremely bitchy email blast to decry Wiz' temerity.Currie opened his missive with a feigned welcome to any and all comers whenpreceded to personally insult Wiz for taking the plunge.Called Wiz a failure.Wiz and I don't always see eye-to-eye, but he's still the Democrat who drewfirst blood on Bridgegate. That's pretty legendary in my book. Oh and btw,didn't Wiz also give Dems a more favorable legislative map after the lastredistricting?In any event, it's awfully disappointing for Chairman Currie to decry theGovernor while also emulating Christie's boorish name-calling tactics in thevery same email.And for whatever it's worth, regardless how qualified Assemblywoman Sumter mightbe, the primary reason she's on the shortlist to be Murphy's LG is 1) she's theChairman's goddaughter and 2) because she's from Passaic where Currie,curiously, remains county chair in addition to his statewide (double) duties.Currie probably won't resign his county post regardless how increasinglyunseemly this all appears and that's too bad. But he should. Failure to do sowill only heighten the perception that Currie is hoarding large bits of Murphy'sendless largess for himself, his county, and his own.And that's truly the last thing NJ democrats need right now.Double DipWhen Trenton politicians finally outlawed the dark art of dual office holding adecade or so ago, it didn't apply retroactively. This grandfathered in quite afew pols, many of whom are still serving multiple masters.Go figure.We were all reminded of this sad vestige of shadier days when outgoing Passaic(City) Mayor Alex Blanco pleaded guilty to a federal bribery charge last week.Assemblyman Gary Schaer, the disgraced ex-Mayor's biggest cheerleader, also(still) serves on Passaic (City) Council. Thanks to Assemblyman/CouncilmanSchaer's stubborn, selfish delusion that he's worthy of both offices, the stenchof Blanco will linger in Passaic much longer than need be.Unless of course Schaer resigns. Which he won't do. Because men like Gary Schaerspend their entire careers convincing themselves how irreplaceable they are.(Pro-Tip: We're all replaceable.)The whole confluence of events in Passaic was a big multi-faceted reminder ofall that's wrong with NJ Politics.Jay Lassiter is an iconoclast, tech savvy media artiste, street warrior for LGBTliberty and marijuana reform, and an un-intimidated presence if the halls ofTrenton power as he aggressively pursues liberal causes. He's often at brunchand always on Twitter @Jay_Lass, following possible future Senate Presidentslike Loretta Weinberg, Nick Scutari, or Joe Vitale.