The end of the presidential election hasn't stopped the Clinton Campaign frompushing pro-Clinton puff pieces in the mainstream media.On November 24, Politicopublished an article about a mom and her 6-year-old sonplacing about 15 "thank-you" signs on Hillary Clinton's front lawn, acontinuation of the attempt to humanize Clinton after the election, similar tothe story about the mom who ran into Hillary Clinton hiking just days after theelection. Clinton partisans are using a variety of distractions to avoid anyreforms to the Democratic Party that would include admitting their disconnectwith working class Americans, and relinquishing their political power andprivilege.Meanwhile, Clinton supporters and Jill Stein, who was vilified by Clintonsupporters as a Putin ally during the election, are pushing for a recount inWisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania. Stein has raised nearly $5 million-morethan her entire campaign raised during the election-to fund the recount effortsover claims Trump won because Russia may have somehow hacked the electionresults. New York Times' Nate Cohn attributed irregularities to machines andpaper ballots used in the state. "Demographics, not hacking, explain theelection results," notes an article published by FiveThirtyEight. Clintonpartisans have focused on perpetuating false narratives as a damage controleffort for Clinton and the Democratic Party establishment, rather thanintrospection on how the Democratic Party could veer away from corporateinfluence to win back the working and middle class voters lost to Trump andapathy.Panic over "Fake news" is being manufactured by Clinton partisans as anotherattempt by mainstream media outlets to avoid accountability and responsibilityin elevatingDonald Trump, and improving their coverage to better reflect theissues Americans actually care about."The amount of coverage, say, on television news given to climate change, givento the decline of the middle class, given to health care, given to unemployment,given to poverty is minimal, minimal, a fraction, a fraction, compared to theamount that talks about political gossip, who's going to run in 2020, 2090,2400-all kinds of personality things," said Bernie Sanders in a recent interviewwith GQ. "Campaigns should not be about candidates; they should be about theneeds of the people."A part of this "fake news" narrative as merged with the Russian propagandanarrative. The Washington Postpublished an article on November 25 in which theyinterviewed the Executive Director of a new website, PropOrNot, who claimed,without any supporting evidence or describing their methodology, that theRussian Government circulated pro-Trump articles before the election. Theblacklist the site has come up with include progressive outlets Counter Punch,Truth-Out (which Clinton Campaign Chair John Podesta received newslettersthrough his email from), Truth-Dig, and others, alleging the journalists atthese publications committed treason. Based on these publications making thelist, PropOrNot's criteria for Russian propaganda includes any dissent tocorporate mainstream media."We strongly suspect that some of the individuals involved have violated theEspionage Act, the Foreign Agent Registration Act, and other related laws, butdetermining that is up to the FBI and the DOJ," notes the PropOrNot website.InfoWars and other conservative media outlets were cited as well. Though thesesites often publish inaccurate stories, the mainstream media does as well (theWashington Post published an allegation that Russia poisoned Hillary Clinton soshe collapsed on 9/11), and these sites are based in the United States, fundedU.S. sources, and many of them pre-date Putin.As a Clinton Campaign strategy, blaming Russia didn't work in the generalelection, but now these same Clinton propagandists are pushing anti-Russianarratives as a smokescreen to push false narratives, without having to provideactual evidence to substantiate their claims. The enigma of Russia provides aconvenient source for these conclusions. If conspiracy theories supportpro-Clinton neo-liberal agendas,  and involve Russia or Putin, they are beingtreated as factual by Clinton partisans. Clinton lost due to numerous factors,including an unprecedented focus on courting billionaire and millionaire donorsto reach a fundraising goal of $1 billion, a lack of grassroots campaigning, anda disconnect worsened by hubris and negligence with working and middle classvoters.