A memo attached to an April 2015 email released by WikiLeaks from Clintoncampaign chair John Podesta revealed that the campaign developed a strategyearly on to use the press to elevate "Pied Piper" candidates, including DonaldTrump. Once Trump publicly announced his presidential campaign in June 2015, themainstream media became obsessed with covering him.Polls suggested it was in the best interest of the Clinton campaign to faceTrump in the general election. Moderate Republicans beat her in head-to-headcontests by several points, and her campaign needed a distraction from the FBIinvestigation, Clinton Foundation pay-to-play schemes and conflicts of interest,and the inevitable gaffes that incurred when Clinton was subject to publicexposure."Clinton, Trump trade insults as rhetoric heats up between front-runners," reada CNN headline from September 2015. "Hillary Clinton Seizes On Donald Trump'sRemarks to Galvanize Women," read the New York Times. "Seeking America's 'lost'greatness and finding Trump most appealing," read a Washington Post headlinefrom October 2015. "Donald Trump now running neck and neck with HillaryClinton," read another.But rather than hold themselves accountable for obsessing over Trump, whichelevated his candidacy and molded him into the spokesperson for the RepublicanParty, the mainstream media is now diverting the blame to "fake news."A Washington Postarticle published on November 17 used a fake news source tocorroborate the narrative that fake news-and not the mainstream media-isresponsible for Trump's victory. The article features an interview with fictionnews author Paul Horner, treating him as though he were a reliable source.The attention on fake news distracts from the fact that mainstream media,including TheWashington Post, provided Donald Trump with nearly $2 billioncoverage; more than twice as much as Clinton received and over five times theattention granted to Sen. Bernie Sanders.While TheWashington Post helped develop Trump into the Republican front-runner,it stacked the deck against Sanders-publishing 16 hit pieces in the span of 16hours last March."Democrats would be insane to nominate Bernie Sanders" read a Washington Postheadline published a few days before the Iowa caucuses. Their editorial boardclaimed Sanders' campaign was "fiction-filled" the next day. "Bernie Sanders'smost vitriolic supporters really test the meaning of the word 'progressive' "read a Washington Postheadline published on March 10. "The problem with BernieSanders's electability argument" read a January 12 headline. "Bernie Sanders'real problem with black and Hispanic voters," read a Washington Post headlinefrom February. Because Sanders' record was free of the type of politicalscandals that have permeated Clinton's record, TheWashington Post and othermainstream media outlets manufactured problems for his campaign.While The Washington Post helped make Trump into a formidable foe for Clinton toface, it simultaneously worked to delegitimize and suppress Sanders' campaign.The general election between Clinton and Trump was largely set up not by fakenews outlets but the mainstream media, who praised Clinton while pushing for the"best" possible candidate for her to run against in the general election. Thisstrategy backfired, and now the same mainstream media outlets are resorting tothe same tactics to avoid taking any responsibility for the mess they helpedmake.Disclosure: Donald Trump is the father-in-law of Jared Kushner, the publisher ofObserver Media.