Though Bernie Sanders, the White House and an investigative journalism outletthat conducted extensive monitoring of the presidential election across thecountry argued that a recount would not change anything, the Clinton campaignannounced on November 26 it would be joining Green Party candidate Jill Stein'seffort to make sure that Donald Trump is really the president-elect.The recount effort in states Trump won by a small margin of victory has ignitedcontroversy, as Clinton supporters who initially blamed Stein for HillaryClinton losing are now embracing her efforts.We had 1,100 people monitoring the vote on Election Day. We saw no evidence theelection was "rigged" no matter what Stein or Trump say. /1 - ProPublica(@ProPublica) November 27, 2016But the sudden focus on a general election recount from Clinton partisans ishypocritical, given the Democratic Party establishment has yet to acknowledgethe broken rules and voting discrepancies the Democratic National Committee(DNC) and Clinton campaign ignored throughout the Democratic primaries.Election Justice USA-a nonpartisan coalition of statisticians, attorneys andactivists advocating for voting rights-discovered voting irregularities andsuppression at work throughout the Democratic primaries helped Clinton win. Theyrelated these in a 100-page report released on July 25."Election Justice USA has established an upper estimate of 184 pledged delegateslost by Senator Bernie Sanders as a consequence of specific irregularities andinstances of fraud," the report read. "Adding these delegates to SenatorSanders' pledged delegate total and subtracting the same number from HillaryClinton's total would more than erase the 359 pledged delegate gap between thetwo candidates." The organization came to these conclusions by analyzing exitpolling data and statistical analysis by precinct size. "Even small changes invote shares in critical states like Massachusetts and New York could havesubstantially changed the media narrative surrounding the primaries in ways thatwould likely have had far reaching consequences for Senator Sanders' campaign."The report found Clinton's vote share increased proportionally to the increasein precinct size. It also cited exit poll data that matched the results inRepublican primaries in several states but differed greatly in the Democraticprimaries."As a statistician, I find the results of the 2016 primary voting unusual. Infact, I found the patterns unexpected [and even] suspicious. There is a greaterdegree of smoothness in the outcomes than the roughness that is typical inraw/real data," wrote Dr. Fritz Scheuren, a professor of statistics at GeorgeWashington University and the 100th President of the American StatisticalAssociation, in a separate report by Election Justice USA on the accuracy andsecurity of electronic U.S. voting equipment. The report adds, "the differencebetween the reported totals, and our best estimate of the actual vote, variesconsiderably from state to state. However these differences aresignificant-sometimes more than 10 percent-and could change the outcome of theelection."Voter suppression and irregularities were rampant in key states that heavilyinfluenced the outcome of the Democratic primaries. But the only outcry overthese disparities came from Sanders supporters.During the New York Democratic primaries, 126,000 voters were inexplicablypurged from voter rolls, their voices denied a say in the race between Clintonand Sanders. Already a closed primary, in which independent voters had to switchtheir party affiliation to Democrat six months in advance to participate, thispurge shut out thousands more. No early voting options were offered before theprimary either, forcing those who wanted to vote to stand in long lines aroundNew York City during a workday, resulting in one of the worst voter turnouts ofany state.In Arizona, polling sites in Maricopa, the state's most populous county, werereduced from 200 in 2012 to only 60 in 2016. In contrast, voter turnout from2012 exploded from 300,000 voters to 800,000 in 2016. The result was an averageof several hours of waiting at many sites, likely pushing out thousands of othervoters who couldn't afford to spare the time to vote that day. Maricopa CountyRecorder Helen Purcell eventually accepted the blame for the long lines, afterinitially blaming voters, yet refused to submit to calls for her resignation.On the eve of the California primary, the Associated Press formally called theDemocratic primaries for Clinton, essentially rendering the state's contestmeaningless. Clinton could afford to marginally lose California and still winthe Democratic primary. A Sanders victory in California would have been a moralebooster for the campaign.Though California held a semi-open Democratic primary, rules were put in placeto make it much more difficult for an independent to vote. Independents were notallowed to use the same ballot to vote as Democrats, and if they failed toobtain the mandatory crossover ballot, their vote was nullified. In 2011,California easily passed Proposition 14, which ensured every voter, no matterwhat party they affiliated with, received the same ballot, but presidentialelections for some reason were exempt.As the longest-serving Independent in the history of Congress, Sanders was putat a disadvantage in the Democratic primaries because several states that heldclosed primaries shut out many of his supporters from participating. Bothparties should open their primaries to independent voters, as they are thelargest voter demographic in the country, and their support is needed for anycandidate to win a general election.In tandem with undemocratic rules meant to keep independent voters out of theprimaries, the Democratic Party did a lousy job-likely deliberately-inincreasing their own party's voter registration. New York Daily News journalistShaun King attributed the low turnouts to the lack of voter registration drivesrun by the Democratic Party leadership. Traditionally, Democrats frequently heldvoter drives at college campuses across the country, as they are prime groundsto attract new supporters to the party. Because the new voters would likely bejoining many millennials in supporting Sanders, the Democratic Party leadershipskipped such efforts this year.In contrast, Republicans saw record voter turnouts in their respectiveprimaries, while turnout for Democrats decreased. For Clinton's coronation to goas planned, the Democratic Party suspended its usual efforts to invest in voterregistration drives, and target vast populations of unregistered voters likelyto support Democrats over Republicans. It ending up costing them the generalelection, as voter turnout for Clinton was significantly lower than the highturnout that helped Barack Obama win in 2008 and 2012.Some blue states have taken the initiative to expand democracy and set their ownprecedent for voting rights. Oregon enacted automatic voter registration, andMaine ranked choice voting. But several other Democratic Party strongholds havefailed to move forward similar initiatives. If Democrats are serious aboutelection reform, they need to focus on moving forward in states where they havethe political majority to pass legislation, rather than pouring their resourcesinto political theater for a recount that won't change anything.