Before the election on Nov. 8, Democrats chastised Donald Trump for saying hewould "totally accept the results of this great and historic presidentialelection... if I win."CNN's Jeremy Diamond, in an article posted in "politics" - not "opinion," -called Trump's words "a caveat that threatens to cast unprecedented doubt on thelegitimacy of the electoral process."Diamond was not alone in his claim. Clinton herself repeatedly claimed Trump was"threatening our democracy" by refusing to accept the results of the election.At her rallies after Trump's remarks, Clinton said Trump's refusal to say he'dinstantaneously accept the results was a "direct threat to our democracy" andchastised him for claiming the system was "rigged."She also claimed at a rally in Philadelphia, Pa. just weeks before the electionthat the U.S. always had a "peaceful transfer of power," which was "thedifference between the rule of law and the rule of strong men."This claim was also tweeted from her official Twitter account, again sayingTrump "refused to say that he'd respect the results of this election" and thatit was a "direct threat to our democracy."But after the election-when Clinton lost-the media and Democrats completelychanged their tune. Clinton had derided Trump for suggesting he wouldn'tconcede, yet we later learned that Clinton herself didn't want to concede, butwas urged to do so by President Barack Obama.On the night of the election, after Trump passed 270 electoral votes and securedthe presidency, Clinton refused to address her supporters at her "victory"party. Her supporters, distraught and crying after waiting at the venue forhours, were instead subjected to Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta. Podestasaid there would be no comment until all the votes were counted.Shortly after, Trump delivered his victory speech and Clinton had called him toconcede.That call was apparently at the behest of Obama, according to Hill senior WhiteHouse correspondent Amie Parnes and Roll Call columnist Jonathan Allen.After the dust had settled on election night, many on the Left began arguingthat Clinton had truly won the election because she won the popular vote, andsuggested the Electoral College be eliminated. They failed to realize (or simplyignored) that Clinton's popular vote lead came almost entirely from California,a populous state and Democratic stronghold.Neither Trump nor Clinton campaigned for the popular vote, because that's nothow our elections work or should work. Fifty percent of the U.S. populationresides in just a few major cities. A popular vote would give those cities neartotal control over deciding the president and forcing their urban prioritiesonto suburban and rural voters. The Electoral College gives those outside of thebig city a real voice.Also, Clinton and Trump campaigned in the states most likely to swing. Clintononly needed to go to California for celebrity and mega-donor fundraisers, not toensure the state would vote for her. If she were running for the popular vote,she could have campaigned there just to increase her vote total. As it standsnow, she only needed enough votes in any given state to win that state, soessentially, a U.S. presidential election is made up of more than 50 elections(due to some states that split electoral votes). Trump could have campaignedmore in Texas to secure more votes, but it was a waste of his time-just ascampaigning more in California was a waste of Clinton's time.In reality, we don't know who actually won the popular vote because thecandidates didn't campaign for it.This hasn't stopped Democrats from attempting to overturn the election throughrecounts. Just as Al Gore wanted certain counties in Florida recounted in 2000because he thought he should have won them, Democrats-led by Green Partycandidate Jill Stein-now want three states that usually vote for Democrats butvoted for Trump in 2016 to be recounted.Stein is attempting to raise millions to pay for recounts in Michigan,Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, despite there being no evidence of any election"rigging."Clinton has now joined in this effort. What was that about refusing to acceptelection results being a "threat to democracy?"Now the Left is claiming Russia interfered with the U.S. election and rigged theresults. So, they rigged the election but didn't give Trump the popular vote?Seems either incredibly specific or completely ridiculous.The Clinton campaign even admitted there was no "actionable evidence" of votehacking, but are still going along with the recount because their supporters-thesame ones who mocked Trump for suggesting the election was "rigged"-now believeRussia hacked the election.Lost in all of this is the danger to the Democratic Party if this recountcontinues. Stein, a Green Party candidate whose views align more with extremeLeftists than anyone on the Right, is raising money and her and her party'sprofile. We won't know how much of the money will actually go to the recounteffort until it's actually underway.Stein initially asked for $2.5 million, but raised that amount to $7 millionwhen donations poured in, citing filing fees and massive lawyer fees. Fine printon her website says they cannot guarantee a recount will actually occur, andthat any money left will go toward "election integrity efforts and to promotevoting system reform."Trump has called the recount effort "sad." He's absolutely right. These threestates were chosen because Trump won and they traditionally vote Democrat. InMichigan, which has yet to be officially called, Trump won by 11,000 votes, amargin of 0.2 percent. In 2012, Obama won the state with a 9.5 percent margin.Rather than assessing how they could lose the state in the past four years toTrump, Democrats have decided to eschew any soul searching and instead insistthey only lost the state because of hacking.Trump won Wisconsin by 22,000 votes and Pennsylvania by 68,000 votes, yet thatis too close for Democrats.I can only imagine what the Left and the media would be saying if Trump had lostand tried to orchestrate a recount. Remember, it's only a problem when the Rightdoes it.Disclosure: Donald Trump is the father-in-law of Jared Kushner, the publisher ofObserver Media.