Before the presidential election, Sen. Charles Schumer embraced the DemocraticParty's abandonment of working class voters led by Hillary Clinton, claiming ata July Washington Post forum that, "for every blue-collar Democrat we lose inwestern Pennsylvania, we will pick up two moderate Republicans in the suburbs inPhiladelphia, and you can repeat that in Ohio and Illinois and Wisconsin." Thisstrategy of attempting to woo moderate Republicans in exchange for working classvoters backfired miserably.Politico reported that Clinton directly blamed FBI Director James Comey for herloss during a conference call with her top donors shortly after the election.Clinton partisans have also cast blame on Russia, WikiLeaks, fake news, BernieSanders, sexism, millennials and a variety of other scapegoats in an effort toavoid introspection and accountability for the failed campaign.Clinton's defeat came from losing throughout the Rust Belt where Barack Obamapreviously won, with Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Ohio, Michigan, Iowa, Indiana andother swing states going to Donald Trump.Rather than challenging Trump's populist appeal to working class voters, theClinton campaign opted to hemorrhage blue collar voters in exchange for wealthy,moderate Republicans. The campaign continuously touted endorsements fromRepublican establishment elites-including billionaires and former Republicanadministration leaders-to develop a narrative that the Republican Party wasexperiencing a schism, while Democrats were completely united behind Clinton.Clinton did much better than Obama with wealthy Americans, but these gainscouldn't make up for the losses she had with the working and middle class. Shebeat Obama in 2012 by nine points with voters who earn more than $100,000 ayear, and eleven points with voters who earn more than $250,000 a year. Whileoverall turnout for Clinton paled in comparison to Obama's 2008 and 2012 wins,she still managed to increase voter turnout in some of the wealthiest countiesacross the country. But at the same time, voter turnout for Clinton took a nosedive in working class communities, many of which Clinton failed to even campaignin, but that Obama depended upon for his past victories."We cannot spend our entire life-I didn't, but others do-raising money fromwealthy people, listening to their needs. We've got to be out in union halls,we've got to be out in veterans' halls, and we've got to be talking to workingpeople, and we've got to stand up and fight for them," Bernie Sanders said inrecent interview with Rolling Stone. "This is how screwed up we are now. Whenyou have a Republican Party that wants to give huge tax breaks to billionaires,when many of their members want to cut Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid,when they don't believe in climate change, when they've been fierce advocates ofunfettered free trade-I'm talking about pre-Trump-why would any working person,when they want to cut programs for working people, support them?"Sanders answered his own question, and explained why many working classcommunities often vote for Republicans over Democrats."I think we know the answer. We know what the Karl Roves of the world have beensuccessful in doing. They're playing off working-class people against the gaycommunity, or African-Americans, or Latinos. But that only works when you havenot laid the foundation by making it clear to those workers that you are ontheir side on economic issues." The Clinton campaign made it clear that oneconomic issues, Hillary sided with the elitist establishment that embraced hercandidacy beginning in the Democratic primaries, and aggressively denigratedanyone who challenged it through the 2016 elections.Sanders added, "look, you may not be pro-choice. But if you know that yourcongressman is fighting for you and delivering the goods in terms of education,health care and jobs, what you'll say is, 'I disagree with him on that, but I'mgoing to vote for him.' We've seen this in Vermont. We have seen theconservative parts of the state where there are many people who have disagreedwith me. But they vote for me, because they know I'm fighting for their rights."