Sen. Bernie Sanders is using his Our Revolution book tour as an opportunity tomobilize supporters disheartened after Hillary Clinton's election loss.Progressives are facing a Republican president with a Republican majority inboth houses of Congress. The Democratic Party has an arduous recovery ahead ofit, and progressives are looking to Sanders to push things in the rightdirection."We create a kind of grassroots party, where the most important people in theparty are not just wealthy campaign contributors, but working people, youngpeople, people in the middle class, who are going to come in and going to starttelling us what their needs are and give us some ideas as to how we go forward,"Sanders said in a November 28 interview with Democracy Now's Amy Goodman. "And Iaccept this responsibility as outreach chair with a lot of trepidation but alsowith excitement. I'm going to be going around the country to try to doeverything that I can to create a party which represents working people and notjust the 1 percent."As Sanders frequently noted during his campaign, the revolution isn't about himbut about inspiring millions of working and middle class Americans to getinvolved in politics."People are going to have to rethink their commitment to democracy," saidSanders during a November 22 speech he gave in his hometown of Burlington,Vermont. He explained that now is not the time to give up on it. "You do nothave the right to do that. If you want to lock yourself in some room and closethe door, fine. But it's not just you. It is your children, it is yourgrandchildren, it is the future of this planet, so you don't have the right."While Sanders has urged participation as the first step to challenging DonaldTrump and rebuilding the Democratic Party, Clinton has remained silent onpolitical matters.Since November 8, Clinton managed to pose for selfies while hiking in the woods,resurfaced on Twitter to follow Snoop Dogg, and retweeted a blog post in Mediumwritten by her campaign's general counsel, Marc Elias, on what the Clintoncampaign's involvement will be in the push for recounts in states where Trumpwon by small margins.But rather than rally her supporters to hold Trump accountable leading up to hispresidency-or illuminate important issues like the ongoing water crisis inFlint, Michigan, and the efforts to stop the Dakota Access Pipeline (which shepretended to care about during the primaries)-Clinton has focused onself-serving political expediency.In 2012, after Mitt Romney lost to Barack Obama, he pushed for the RepublicanParty to build a grassroots infrastructure comparable to the extensive one Obamaused to win. After McCain lost in 2008, he worked to increase his engagement asa leader in the Senate.But in the post-election diagnosis for Clinton and her partisans, introspection,reform and political engagement like Sanders' is falling by the wayside in favorof touting a popular vote victory and blaming everyone else for Clinton's lossto an unpopular, rookie presidential candidate. Clinton hasn't cited anyexplanation for why she lost, or provided the millions of people who voted forher in hopes of avoiding a Trump presidency any encouragement or direction toconstructively rebuild the Democratic Party. She appears to have no interest inhelping to mitigate the damage a Republican Red Tide in each branch ofgovernment will have on the Democratic Party's political agenda.The results from November 8 have shown that the American people have graduallybeen repelled by the Democratic Party. Party leaders, including Clinton, need toeither actively and publicly embrace Sanders' recovery efforts, or offer theirown solutions. As Sanders noted, they don't have the right to give up and remainsilent.