Post-election, the Democratic Party establishment has strongly opposed calls forintrospection and reform after their coalescing around Hillary Clinton proved tobe an utter failure.Sen. Charles Schumer and Rep. Nancy Pelosi were elected to serve as theDemocratic Party leaders in Congress. Both were predictable, thoughdisappointing, as they are corporate-friendly, establishment picks in theextreme.In February, progressives have the opportunity to push for a new DemocraticNational Committee (DNC) chair, after the previous two, Debbie Wasserman Schultzand current interim chair Donna Brazile, were exposed for violating theneutrality their positions bound them to during the Democratic Primary. Sen.Bernie Sanders has called for Rep. Keith Ellison to serve as the new DNC chair,rather than another Clinton campaign surrogate. Establishment Democrats haveinitiated a smear campaign against Ellison's candidacy in hopes to appointanother one of their own to the position. Jane Sanders retweeted the YoungTurks' Cenk Uygur, who noted, "Establishment Democrats are leaking negativestories against @keithellison like crazy. Funny how they never fight Republicansthis hard."The New York Daily News' editorial board recently suggested Ellison shouldn't beDNC chair because, as an avid Sanders supporter, "he represents the left-mostfringes of a party that should continue to vie for the vital center." This vyingfor the "center" is what cost Clinton the presidency and has led to graduallosses for Democrats in elected offices across the country. Sanders and themillions of people who support him aren't a fringe portion of the DemocraticParty but represent several progressives and disenfranchised working and middleclass voters who have become disillusioned from a party that now focuses oncourting wealthy donors. The Democratic Party needs to embrace Sanders'progressive populism, if it wants the chance to recoup the millions of voters ithas lost in the past decade. Ellison serving as DNC chair would be a major stepin unifying the divide between progressives and the party establishment.Sanders supporters are taking it upon themselves to force the Democraticestablishment to hand over the keys to the party and to elect Ellison as chairof the DNC. A petition through Crowd PAC is raising money, promising to donatethe funds to the DNC under the condition that Ellison wins. Pledges for thepetition are $27 each, as a nod to the average donation to the Sanders campaignduring the Democratic primaries."The Democratic Party should open their doors to a new progressive generation.Some of us are skeptical of the DNC thanks to their treatment of Bernie Sandersin the presidential primary last year. But we're willing to join the DNC asdonors if Rep. Keith Ellison gets elected as chairman," reads the petition. "Alot of progressive grassroots donors may not feel comfortable supporting theDemocratic Party. But with Keith Ellison in charge, all of that could change. Wetrust Keith Ellison to bring a strong and progressive vision to the DNC."The petition has raised over $13,000 so far, all from small donations, butstipulates, "your card will only be charged if Keith is elected chair." Ellison,who serves as the head of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, is exactly whatthe Democratic Party needs to revitalize its support base and regenerate afterlosing the presidency, both Houses of Congress, and hundreds of seats in statelegislatures. If Democratic leadership continues treating Sanders progressiveslike unwelcome second class citizens, their party will continue to decline aswell.