The closest presidential election in modern American history was the 1960contest between Democrat John Fitzgerald Kennedy and Republican Richard Nixon.The popular vote split almost evenly; Kennedy won 49.72 percent to 49.55 forNixon, with the Democrat leading the Republican by just 112,827 votesnationally. But that wasn't the real measure of the closeness of the 1960contest. The real measure was found in the states. Ten states were decided by 2percent of the vote or less, and eight of those states favored Kennedy. Kennedywon Hawaii by 115 votes, Alaska by 846 votes, New Mexico by 2,294 votes,Delaware by 3,217, Illinois by less than 9,000 votes, Missouri by barely 10,000votes. In New Jersey, Kennedy prevailed by a mere 50-49 margin; in Texas, it was51-49.A shift toward Nixon in any of several combinations of states could have erasedKennedy's Electoral College advantage, as the distribution gave him just 34 moreelectoral votes than he needed to prevail.Nixon refused to pursue recounts ? fearing, as he later wrote: "Charges of ?soreloser' would follow me through history and remove any possibility of a furtherpolitical career." But Republican National Committee Chairman Thruston Mortonkept raising concerns about irregularities in Illinois and Texas. And Mortonkept arguing that many of the state results were close enough to merit a reviewof voting that might yet shift the election from Kennedy to Nixon. Morton wasnot alone; members of Nixon's inner circle encouraged inquiries, investigations,reviews and recounts in the better part of a dozen states. Trusted Republicanswere sent to conduct "field checks" in states where the results were close,legal challenges were mounted, and several recounts took place.As is usually the case with reviews and recounts, not much changed in thechallenger's favor. Indeed, a recount in Hawaii tipped the state from Nixoncolumn to Kennedy's. So be it. Morton and those who raised objections andchallenges did the right thing. When elections produce a close or controversialresult, it is appropriate for candidates who are on the losing end of the countto ask questions and to pursue remedies. No one expects the candidates who areahead on election night to object; they are too busy claiming "mandates" thatwere never actually accorded them.It falls to candidates who hold out small hope for a reversal of fortune (or, insome rare cases, no hope at all) to demand that every vote be counted andcounted accurately. This is one of the reasons why states allow for recounts andreviews of voting.Unfortunately, in an age of hyper-partisan spin and know-nothing media, there isa tendency to see demands for recounts as the burdensome expressions of sorelosers. Sometimes they are that. But for those of us who concern ourselves withthe functioning of the elections that confer authority on executives andlegislators, recounts are understood as fundamental underpinnings of democracy.They only rarely overturn initial results. But even when they simply confirmthose results, they give us all greater confidence in systems that can onlyserve their purpose if citizens see those systems as fair and functional.Seen in this context, the Green Party's request for recounts in the threeclosely contested states of Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania ? which nowfavor Republican Donald Trump but which could, if they flipped to DemocratHillary Clinton, give the Democrat enough electoral votes to claim thepresidency ? should be welcomed.The prospect of a recount in Wisconsin and the other states has unsettled Trump,who is objecting with one of his now infamous Twitterstorms. As obsessive asever, Trump has objected that the recount project is a "scam," called it "sad"and announced that "it won't change anything." He has targeted Clinton forabuse, even though she has said nothing (attorneys for her campaign will observethe process in Wisconsin, as, presumably, will lawyers for the Trump camp).Trump may be right that nothing will change. But it is silly to get so upsetabout recounts ? especially after a 2016 election that produced close andconflicting results.The 2016 presidential race was not as close as the 1960 race. Clinton is theclear winner of the popular vote. While votes are still being counted in severalstates, the Democrat is now ahead by more than 2.3 million votes, and electionanalysts expect that lead to grow before all the counting is done. UnlikeKennedy, who had a popular-vote win to validate his Electoral College advantage,Trump only leads in the Electoral College. And that lead is based on narrowresults from several states.In Wisconsin, a shift of around 11,000 votes, out of almost 3 million cast,would flip the state to Clinton.In Pennsylvania, it would take a shift of roughly 35,000 votes out of over 6million cast to flip the state to Clinton.In Michigan, a shift of around 6,000 votes, out of roughly 4.8 million cast,would flip the state to Clinton.Observers who are familiar with recounts will tell you that upsets of resultssuch as these are rare. But the recounts proposed by the Greens also seek toresolve questions about human errors and mechanical mishaps and to relieveconcerns about the remote prospect of hacking."We are standing up for an election system that we can trust; for voting systemsthat respect and encourage our vote, and make it possible for all of us toexercise our constitutional right to vote," explains Jill Stein, who was on theballot in all three states this year as the Green Party presidential nominee.That's a reasonable stand to take.It strengthens and advances the cause of democracy ? which, at this point, coulduse all the strengthening and advancement we can provide.