The election-night outcome was technically in doubt, but clear enough for me toturn down the television volume and begin writing last week's column, "Triumphof the angry white guy," a diatribe about the racism, sexism andsmall-mindedness that propelled Donald Trump to the presidency. It appearedonline the next day and soon the out-state emails rolled in. This one wastypical: "Where I come from, a person (who) uses stereotypes and broadgeneralizations to categorize and denigrate a large and diverse group of peoplewho are not homogenous, well ... we'd call them a bigot. But then what do Iknow? I'm just a white male ? in rural Wisconsin. I'm probably just angry,unhinged and inarticulate."Point taken, but for those repulsed by the Trump persona who seek to betterunderstand what motivates his backers, there looms this overarching question:How can we genuinely empathize with the economic futility and lost status thatseems to haunt so much of rural, small-town Wisconsin when it comes packagedwith such raw disdain for minorities, women and knowledge workers?Michael Schuler, pastor of Madison's liberal First Unitarian Society, directlyaddressed that question in his sermon after the election. "Do some of ourcitizens hold deeply repugnant views?" Schuler asked rhetorically. "Are thereracists, misogynists and xenophobes in our midst? Yes indeed."But as Katherine Cramer discovered in out-state Wisconsin, many are simplyhurting and feel abandoned. Feeling powerless, they looked outside theircommunities for the source of their problems and came up with a short list ofscapegoats, an assessment we city folk have done little to disconfirm."In mentioning Cramer, Schuler was referring to the University ofWisconsin-Madison political scientist who gained acclaim by journeying torestaurants and gas stations across the state intermittently over most of adecade, humbly asking people to share thoughts on public affairs and writingabout it. Cramer's book, "The Politics of Resentment," struck a chord with anational audience.I first met Cramer and wrote about her work in December 2010, before ScottWalker had been inaugurated and before we knew that "Act 10" would becomeshorthand for the demise of public worker unions. I wrote then: "Her insightshave special resonance these days as Madison braces for an incoming Republicangovernment ? a governor and legislative majorities ? that gained great politicaladvantage exploiting the out-state image of Madison and its huge university assmug, selfish and out-of-touch."Sound familiar?Just before the presidential election, the Washington Post featured Cramer in astory headlined: "A new theory for why Trump voters are so angry ? that actuallymakes sense." The fissure, she told the Post, is about "personal identity,"adding that those she interviewed through the years "felt a deep sense ofbitterness toward elites and city dwellers; just about all of them felt treadon, disrespected and cheated out of what they felt they deserved."So, after Trump won, I reached out to Cramer, who had been conductingpost-election listening sessions. She emailed that she was "squirreled away" inBayfield in far northern Wisconsin for the post-election weekend to reflect onwhat she had heard. While she joked about her work showing up in a Madisonsermon, her mood in our telephone interview was contemplative and serious.She told me she had reconnected with a group from a small Portage Countycommunity featured in her book. Eight of the nine men in that group said theywere Republicans. They met last week in the back of a warehouse.Said Cramer, "It's such a contrast to Madison, because Madison, in general, isgrieving, and these folks, for the first time I've known them in over eightyears, they were hopeful about the future."One man said some racist things, she said, "but aside from him, they wereacknowledging that Trump has said some really horrendous things on the campaigntrail. But the appeal is really this idea that he's going to shake things up andthat he represents change, and his character is just not the issue," she added.There was also, Cramer said she was sorry to tell me, a pronounced"stick-it-to-themedia- thing" in the comments.Cramer paused and added, "It's been very difficult for me, with the people Istudy as well as with my students on campus, to work through (the question): ?Ifyou vote for a man who's endorsed by the KKK, what does that make you? Aren'tyou a bigot by association?' " Perhaps ironically, Cramer noted her subjects didnot really expect huge positive change for themselves in a Trump presidency."I asked them, ?OK, you're hopeful. Tell me what you hope is going to changearound here. Five years from now, ideally, what is life like around here?' Andinitially, their response to me was, ?Well, it's not going to be that different.Not that much is going to change around here. Presidential elections don'treally matter for this community.' "OK, so then why vote for this man? I mean, Ididn't say that out loud, but they did eventually start talking about how theyhope the economy in Stevens Point would pick up and that that would then makethings better for them, that there would be more job opportunities."Despite the friction over Trump, Cramer still uses words like "genuine, kind,compassionate, generous and human" to describe those she interviewed.So, I ask Cramer, does she see a path to us becoming one state again, one inwhich progressives see Trump supporters as primarily seeking radical economicchange and not so closely identified with the many ugly things he has said anddone?She paused and said, "My own conviction of the importance and centrality oflistening for (the sake of) democracy has really been rattled. I, like manypeople, have spent a lot of sleepless hours thinking, ?What is going to happento my country, and by electing Donald Trump, have we just put in danger millionsof people?' " Cramer said she will continue her work to reconnect with those shehas visited through the years. "Do they experience a change in the quality oftheir lives, and do they notice? Do they attribute it to Trump? I am just tryingto figure out where the heck we go from here."In that quest, she has plenty of company.