I am a 61-year-old, Caucasian, college-educated woman, living in the state ofColorado. I voted for Secretary Clinton in the presidential election. Whiledisappointed in the election's outcome, I pulled myself together and decided togive Mr. Trump the benefit of the doubt. He gave a basically good acceptancespeech. He went to the White House and seemed to be deferential and respectfultowards President Obama. But, then it happened. He tweeted!In today's parlance, OMG! Does he never think before he tweets? I am tired ofMr. Trump's staff and supporters "spinning" his behavior. He seems to have noawareness of just how many people he has offended throughout the campaign, aswell as with that tweet shortly after the election  which denigrated theprotesters around the country. On one of the news stations, I heard a Trump supporter say that "they (hissupporters) didn't take his language seriously, only his platform, whereas therest of us took his language seriously and not his platform." Mr. Trump's peoplekeep saying he's a lovely, gracious man. Those of us who don't know himpersonally, do not know  that. When you don't know someone, you tend to judgethem by what they tell you, and how they behave. Mr. Trump has to know, but I'mguessing doesn't care, that he behaves like an ill-mannered child at best. I have been offended beyond belief by Mr. Trump. I cannot bear to think of himas my President. I am embarrassed for my country; that he will be ourrepresentative to the world! He is expected to act with dignity, compassion, anddecency. Recently, I heard him say he didn't regret his behavior during thecampaign because he won. At what cost? I fear for our civilized society. In the coming weeks before the inauguration, Mr. Trump needs a crash course inhow to speak and behave properly. And if he is truly interested in bringing thecountry together, he needs to gain an understanding of why half the people ofthis country are upset with the outcome of the election and then address thatissue with the people. This country is not Trump Corporation. Mr. Trump cannotfire those of us who have issues with him as a human being. People should not beexpected to just "fall in line" and move on as if it's business as usual. Whathappened throughout the campaign was anything but usual. It's one thing to beunconventional, but to be outrageously and blatantly offensive is not acceptablefrom anyone, least of all our President. Judith Jarke lives in Boulder.