President-elect Donald Trump said Tuesday he won't pursue criminal chargesagainst Hillary Clinton because it would divide the nation - and she's already"suffered greatly.""I don't want to hurt the Clintons - I really don't," Trump said in an interviewwith The New York Times."She went through a lot and suffered greatly in many different ways."When asked whether he would pledge not to prosecute the former secretary ofstate, the president-elect said, "It's just not something that I feel verystrongly about."The president-elect added he was also concerned about the impact after thebitter election."I think it would be very divisive for the country," he said.Trump's conciliatory gesture to Clinton is a sharp contrast to a key plank ofhis winning campaign message.At the second presidential debate in October, he told his rival, "If I win, I amgoing to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look intoyour situation because there has never been so many lies, so much deception."Throughout her unsuccessful presidential bid, Clinton was dogged by an FBI probeof her handling of classified information on her private e-mail server.Trump was often met at campaign rallies with enthusiastic chants by hissupporters of "Lock her up!""Special prosecutor, here we come. Right?" Trump said when the crowd began thechant at an Oct. 10 rally."If I win, we're going to appoint a special prosecutor . . . Because we cannotallow this to happen in our country," he added.On Tuesday, Trump spokeswoman Kellyanne Conway called his move a healinggesture."I think Hillary Clinton still has to face the fact that a majority of Americansdon't find her to be honest or trustworthy, but if Donald Trump can help herheal, then perhaps that's a good thing," she told MSNBC.Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, a former US attorney who had calledthroughout the campaign for Clinton to be prosecuted, said Trump's shift wasfine with him."Look, there's a tradition in American politics that after you win an election,you sort of put things behind you," he told reporters at Trump Tower. "And ifthat's the decision he reached, that's perfectly consistent with sort of ahistorical pattern of . . . you say a lot of things, even some bad things mighthappen, and then you can sort of put it behind you in order to unite thenation."But the move was met critically by some.Tom Fitton, president of the conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch, said itwould be a "betrayal of his promise to the American people" for Trump to abandonthe Clinton case."Donald Trump must commit his administration to a serious, independentinvestigation of the very serious Clinton national-security, e-mail, andpay-to-play scandals," he said, calling on the president-elect to "focus onhealing the broken justice system."