TV is the new "great communicator" for Donald Trump's advisers.His campaign-manager-turned-transition aide, Kellyanne Conway, gave thepresident-elect some eyebrow-raising advice Sunday by publicly opposing MittRomney for secretary of state.Conway appeared on a series of morning talk shows to blast Romney over hisintense past criticism of her boss, saying he was "nothing but awful" andquestioning whether he even voted for Trump."There was the 'Never Trump' movement and then there was Governor Mitt Romney,"Conway told ABC's "This Week." "He went out of his way to hurt Donald Trump."On CNN' s "State of the Union," Conway said Trump supporters "felt betrayed"that Romney was under consideration, and she attacked his credentials, wonderingif he'd "been around the globe doing something on behalf of the United States ofwhich we're unaware."Conway also told NBC's "Meet the Press" that she was "just astonished at thebreadth, the breathtaking volume and intensity of blow-back that I see," citingsocial-media outrage and "particularly in private communications."Conway's three-network media blitz followed the televised counsel that Trumpcampaign adviser Newt Gingrich delivered during the controversy over Trump'sTwitter tirade against ex-Miss Universe Alicia Machado."You can't tweet at 3 in the morning. Period. There's no excuse. Ever. Not ifyou're gonna be president of the United States," Gingrich said during a Sept. 30appearance on the Fox News Channel.Conway last month admitted that Trump's keen attention to TV news made it anideal way to reach him."A way you can communicate with him is you go on TV to communicate," she toldNew York magazine.Also Sunday, incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus refused to tell"Fox News Sunday" if Romney would have to publicly apologize to land thesecretary of state job."I'm not going to do the play by play . . . on what's going to be required orwhere things are at," Priebus said.In March, Romney delivered a blistering speech in which he called Trump "a conman," "a fake," "a phony" and "a fraud." Trump shot back by calling the 2012Republican presidential nominee a "choker" and saying he "walks like a penguin."Priebus also said that in addition to interviewing Romney, ex-Mayor RudyGiuliani and retired Marine Corps Gen. John Kelly, Trump was "going to betalking to others next week" before nominating anyone.Conway's broadsides against Romney fueled speculation that Trump was in on theattacks and was planning to humiliate Romney by rejecting him, The AssociatedPress reported.During Thanksgiving dinner at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., Trumpasked his guests for input about whom he should choose, Page Six reported.Texas Sen. Ted Cruz called both Romney and Giuliani "good, capable, serious men"during an appearance on "This Week."Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, meanwhile, didn't discuss Romney during an appearanceon "State of the Union," and wouldn't say if he would vote to confirm Giuliani.