The Issue: Reactions to the death of Cuban revolutionary and dictator FidelCastro.Let's get this straight: Fidel Castro was a murderer ("Fidel Dead," Nov. 26).He represented the antithesis of US values. He killed, maimed and kidnapped hisown people and damn near caused World War III.Castro was scum - good riddance. Cuba libre!  Jim Sherwood CarmelIt has sure been a tough month for the American left.First, their anointed presidential candidate lost to a political neophyte. Nowcomes the death of their often romanticized revolutionary hero, Castro. How muchmore can these poor people take?I sure hope the universities have plenty of Play-Doh, coloring books, crayonsand crying rooms available for the delicate cupcakes that make up their studentbodies. Ken Rosen BrooklynWhy don't we just ask the de Blasios to represent our country at Castro'sfuneral? They honeymooned there, so they're familiar with the terrain and caneven catch up with old friends.New York City may even get lucky if they decide to stay there permanently.  MikeKiely The BronxAs Cuban Americans rightly celebrate the death of Castro, it's inspiring to seeso many American flags interspersed with Cuban flags. God Bless America! Cubalibre!  Joe Mulvanerton Old Bridge, NJThe entire free world celebrates the announcement of Castro's death.President John F. Kennedy called Cuba the "imprisoned island." With Castro'sdeath, we can finally see a future where one more link in the chain of socialistslavery has been severed.Castro's accomplishments: no free press, no private property, almost no privatejobs, no free elections, no products on store shelves, abject poverty and ahopeless population.  Ed Galorenzo Washington, NJCastro is finally dead, and Raul Castro can't be far behind. Now can weacknowledge the wisdom of President Obama's strategy of outreach?When Raul kicks off, there'll be chaos and anarchy. It's good that Obama hasfound a way to bring stability and democracy to Cuba with the United States inthe lead as a friend and a partner.Albert Elyjiw OssiningMayor de Blasio lost his personal hero, and the Democratic Party lost theinspiration for its economic policy. John Myers Neptune, NJ